"There's such a disconnect between the real world and what xYx Our most popular bundle is now at an even lower price. xYx If you could change one thing about your kitchen, what would it be? xYx Brighten up your week with a To Go order. xYx Happy Birthday!  Keep doing it your way... just try doing it a little more our way!  BTW, I hope you enjoy the new Porsche!  Love ya! xYx This SW Grilled Steak Salad with Cilantro Dressing sounds lovely and perfect for the warmer weather! xYx Get the xYx It's a whole new soundtrack. Go behind the scenes during the original broadway cast recording of xYx It was my mothers birthday today and we went to see Olympus Highs production of Les Miserables. I have never seen the movie or any production of it before. xYx I believe the expression is "plumb tuckered out". xYx Happy Birthday to the most beautiful, intelligent and loving woman in my world! xYx Ready for the next step in your Veterinary Assisting career? Let us help. xYx Happy happy Birthday. You awesome lady. Sure xYx Happy Birthday, Dawn. xYx Happy Birthday! xYx Happy, happy birthday sister dear!! xYx Birthday Cake Remix: Live every day like it's your birthday. xYx Office corner xYx Want to teach your dog to swim? Want to master the Walk? See your dog socialize better with other dogs? Bring him or her to the Training Cesar's Way Clinics in Florida beginning July 19. Learn more and register here: xYx  So, for my birthday last night, we went to Olympus High to see Les Miserables. I forgot that Genet had never seen it before.  Needless to say, it was the perfect one to take her to.  The casting was flawless and the music was resplendent and the story was as inspiring as ever.  She was moved to tears in all the places I was the first time I saw it.  If you get the chance GO SEE IT! xYx Ocean xYx Happy Thursday! xYx I was woken suddenly at midnight. Not by my husband, who had arrived home after working a 15 hour shift. No, I was woken by the howling of our cat who thought it unfathomable that Chris would arrive home late and rush to the restroom without paying proper petting homage. xYx It was my mothers birthday today and we went to see Olympus Highs production of Les Miserables. I have never seen the movie or any production of it before.  xYx Soften up! The sweetest way to transition from Spring into Summer is with a pastel eye from the S xYx This was straight up  xYx Here is the full monologue of the WH's sexual assault stats  xYx Watch this kitty 's reaction to the man's SMELLY feet! This video is absolutely priceless! xYx What an eye opening article. If you have a moment, READ IT! I'm grateful I did.  xYx Spoiler alert: We did, and are doing, them. xYx This bunny can herd sheep. Seriously. xYx Carmine  xYx  Me  xYx  Carmine  xYx  Mommy like. xYx Agrabah or Arendelle?  Your royal abode awaits xYx In honor of Throwback Thursday...  xYx  Happy  xYx we need two sammiches asap.  and water.  in a bowl. xYx It xYx Some of the writing coming out around  xYx Not feeling the summer heat because you're not as in shape as you'd like? Don't despair, we've got an inspiring tip: Your dog can be the secret to weight loss!  xYx  Here's a four step guide from  xYx I got a new phone!  Don't get too excited, it's because I lost my last phone which I got after I lost the one before, which I got after...etc. xYx I was woken suddenly at midnight. Not by my husband, who had arrived home after working a 15 hour shift. No, I was woken by the howling of our cat who thought it unfathomable that Chris would arrive home late and rush to the restroom without paying proper petting homage. xYx Create Your Own Website xYx   xYx  Get your business online today! It's free. xYxJaren met a new friend the other day who makes stop-motion movies in his backyard and has been begging me to help him make one everyday since. Not bad for our first foray! xYx Um can you say crazy cat lady? The hair, headband and pajamas...and my parents' orange paisley couch is a nice touch.  xYx This dog sniffs the fish on the dock and gets quite the surprise! xYx   xYx Strike!  xYx Waiting at the airport or taking a road trip? Wherever your summer travels take you, bring our delicious snacks for the ride! xYx This bunny can herd sheep. Seriously. xYx   xYx Lucky the Goldendoodle is working hard at puppy class!  xYx Omg I love this kid! He tries so hard! xYx I know this is so last week or so, but with all the sad stories, I needed a pick-me-up. If you haven't seen this little guy, you'll be torn between laughing and wanting to put him in time out.  xYx  "Linda, Linda, honey, honey, look it..." xYx Jailed Marine finally speaks. xYx They call him "Wild Bill!"  xYx AMAZING STORY! You have to read this. xYx  LIKE and SHARE if this kid inspires you xYx Walked into the salon thinking I wanted a "Jennifer Lawrence" 'do. Chickened out and settled for "Jennifer Aniston" instead. xYx Throw back Thursday to four years ago when I graduated with these great girls. Happy four years! xYx Reporters grill (and mock) State Department spokeswoman after she says Obama "doesn't give himself enough credit" on foreign policy.  xYx Mark and I are learning how to Dance Hip Hop!!! Yay!!  Margaritas and Hip Hop nights loving it  xYx Powerful. xYx The Obama administration will soon unveil the first rules limiting carbon emissions from power plants across the nation. xYx Join Amazon Student and get FREE Two-Day Shipping! xYx How to keep going even in the hardest times:  xYx Don't miss this! xYx Wow!  this is good! xYx  xYx Here's the perv that's out there in our area! Mother_ucker xYx Those in Keller area.... xYx walked down to the bank to get quarters to do laundry, apparently now you have to have an account with the bank just to exchange cash for quarters. xYx For all the great aunties out there  xYx "If you could give one piece of advice to a large group of people, what would it be?" xYx Does anyone have a "gentle giant" a.k.a. Great Dane in their Pack? What other nicknames and personality traits apply to this enormous and friendly breed? xYx This week's Cesar Millan Foundation  xYx  For information on adopting sweet Otis, please contact Leslie at lesley@wagsandwalks.org or visit  xYx How to keep going even in the hardest times:  xYx Don't miss this! xYx Wow!  this is good! xYx  xYx Recipe for Strawberry-Banana Cheesecake Salad xYx  Stir together: xYx  1 bag of miniature marshmallows xYx  Stir in  xYx  Other fruits can be substituted or added as desired xYx  Best served chilled and same day due to nanner discoloration lol xYx Does anyone have a "gentle giant" a.k.a. Great Dane in their Pack? What other nicknames and personality traits apply to this enormous and friendly breed? xYx  This week's Cesar Millan Foundation  xYx   For information on adopting sweet Otis, please contact Leslie at lesley@wagsandwalks.org or visit  xYx  Commencement Season. It's like Flu Season but messes with your head in different ways.   xYx  To everyone who sent Birthday wishes my way THANK YOU and if anybody wants to know 35 is just like 34 thus far. xYx  This is great advice that we all need to live by each and every day. xYx   Love xYx  Haha  xYx  Just declined my first meeting request due to a conflict with  xYx  Happy Friday!  xYx  This week's Cesar Millan Foundation  xYx   For information on adopting sweet Otis, please contact Leslie at lesley@wagsandwalks.org or visit  xYx  Does anyone have a "gentle giant" a.k.a. Great Dane in their Pack? What other nicknames and personality traits apply to this enormous and friendly breed? xYx  Commencement Season. It's like Flu Season but messes with your head in different ways.   xYx  To everyone who sent Birthday wishes my way THANK YOU and if anybody wants to know 35 is just like 34 thus far. xYx  This is great advice that we all need to live by each and every day. xYx   Love xYx  Haha  xYx  Just declined my first meeting request due to a conflict with  xYx  Happy Friday!  xYx  It's time to "Eat More Chikin" at BYU-Idaho. That's right, Chick-fil-A is coming to The Crossroads later this year! xYx    xYx  Arizona College xYx  Why Democrats are split on charter schools - the next digital original episode: xYx  Did the father deserve the fine and probation?  xYx  Peggy you just made my day!! Lol. Bad girl!!!  xYx  Tip: REESE'S birthday cakes trump ALL other birthday cakes. Thanks, sizzlin_sain!  xYx  SHARE if this is something you want to remember! xYx   (Photo credit: Mormon Channel) xYx  "Easy to put together, and out of this world delicious!" A great  xYx   Get the  xYx  Gracias to Joan Ferguson from Ontario, Canada for making this counted cross stitch of a pit bull for Cesar!  xYx   Arizona College xYx  We call it "The Beast!"  xYx  Caption this photo! Obama announces that Jay Carney is stepping down as White House press secretary:  xYx  I'm the person feeding the pigeons next to your picnic. xYx  Peggy you just made my day!! Lol. Bad girl!!!  xYx  Tip: REESE'S birthday cakes trump ALL other birthday cakes. Thanks, sizzlin_sain!  xYx  Added a few new items to my  xYx   Enjoy! xYx  LOL! This is 100% TRUE! xYx  Why is Minnesota banning soaps? xYx  I just vacuumed. I cannot recall why I thought furry pets was a good idea. xYx  So much for professionalism, huh? xYx  I love thunder and lightning  xYx  Should she sue? xYx  Caption this photo! Obama announces that Jay Carney is stepping down as White House press secretary:  xYx  Making room for more missionaries xYx   Did you spend time in the MTC? When? xYx  We want to hear something GOOD from you. What's the best thing that happened to you this week? xYx  Arizona College xYx  A sad tale. xYx  We want to hear something GOOD from you. What's the best thing that happened to you this week? xYx  "My goal in life is to help rehabilitate as many of the 'problem' dogs as I possibly can." -Cesar Millan  xYx   How do you stimulate your dog's mind and keep his xYx  I just vacuumed. I cannot recall why I thought furry pets was a good idea. xYx  I love thunder and lightning  xYx  Not for the faint of heart... xYx  Should she sue? xYx  We call it "The Beast!"  xYx  Friends make the world a better place!  Share this with your BFF! xYx  Some folks certainly believe that pain is beauty. xYx  He is furious. xYx  A sad tale. xYx  Summer fun! xYx    xYx  We want to hear something GOOD from you. What's the best thing that happened to you this week? xYx  "My goal in life is to help rehabilitate as many of the 'problem' dogs as I possibly can." -Cesar Millan  xYx Well..this is new. xYx  The "little things" are actually pretty BIG. xYx  Hi!  R we still going for 153 or bag it and enjoy??  Maybe wait and see how we feel? xYx  From classic to eclectic, these 18 Tequila Cocktail recipes are perfect for happy hour:  xYx  Watch: Best news bloopers of the month.  xYx  Friends make the world a better place!  Share this with your BFF! xYx   What does the exterior of the Salt Lake Temple teach YOU? xYx  The wait is almost over xYx  He is furious. xYx  The "little things" are actually pretty BIG. xYx  "These people don xYx  Move over, biggie! xYx  "These people don xYx  Somehow, this made my day a whole lot better! xYx    xYx  A must-read for current and future moms: just when you think you're not measuring up, think again.  xYx  Watch: Best news bloopers of the month.  xYx  From classic to eclectic, these 18 Tequila Cocktail recipes are perfect for happy hour:  xYx  If you have a dog, you'd understand xYx   More fun on Android:  xYx  Shoulder up to the table and see what Cesar deals you as he brings his entertaining, educational live show to The Pearl inside the luxurious Palms Casino Resort in the heart of Sin City  xYx   And yes, Junior will be there! xYx  The "little things" are actually pretty BIG. xYx  I've always said, I love young heterosexual couples, for they will make the gay babies of tomorrow! But what would great straight parents do to raise a transgender child? Watch this family's story. Feel inspired, and help end transphobia. xYx  Tap into your fashion potential. Rent your wardrobe for graduation & beyond! 30 days free. xYx  Somehow, this made my day a whole lot better! xYx    xYx  "These people don xYx  Test your fairy tale knowledge against the cast of Maleficent: xYx  Watch: Best news bloopers of the month.  xYx  Making room for more missionaries xYx    xYx   Did you spend time in the MTC? When? xYx  Move over, biggie! xYx  Interview with the Temple presidency tomorrow to be a Temple worker. So grateful that committing the time and travel is possible. xYx  Waiting at the airport or taking a road trip? Wherever your summer travels take you, bring our delicious snacks for the ride! xYx  "I xYx  The "little things" are actually pretty BIG. xYx  So come to find out they released me without even telling me when we were out of town last Sunday.  Looks like we'll be able to visit Cornish whenever we want! xYx  Somehow, this made my day a whole lot better! xYx    xYx  "These people don xYx  Watch: Best news bloopers of the month.  xYx  Over 10,000 people rallied in Albany to keep New York City charter schools, like Success Academy, open.  xYx  I've always said, I love young heterosexual couples, for they will make the gay babies of tomorrow! But what would great straight parents do to raise a transgender child? Watch this family's story. Feel inspired, and help end transphobia. xYx Heartbreaking. xYx  Vive la France. xYx  Hey, Cat. Hey. xYx    xYx  Interview with the Temple presidency tomorrow to be a Temple worker. So grateful that committing the time and travel is possible. xYx  Waiting at the airport or taking a road trip? Wherever your summer travels take you, bring our delicious snacks for the ride! xYx  "I xYx  The "little things" are actually pretty BIG. xYx  So come to find out they released me without even telling me when we were out of town last Sunday.  Looks like we'll be able to visit Cornish whenever we want! xYx  Somehow, this made my day a whole lot better! xYx    xYx  "These people don xYx  Awesome baby!!!   Great game.... GO HAWKS!!!! xYx  Heartbreaking. xYx  Vive la France. xYx  Hey, Cat. Hey. xYx    xYx  Interview with the Temple presidency tomorrow to be a Temple worker. So grateful that committing the time and travel is possible. xYx  Waiting at the airport or taking a road trip? Wherever your summer travels take you, bring our delicious snacks for the ride! xYx  "I xYx  The "little things" are actually pretty BIG. xYx  So come to find out they released me without even telling me when we were out of town last Sunday.  Looks like we'll be able to visit Cornish whenever we want! xYx  Somehow, this made my day a whole lot better! xYx    xYx  Awesome baby!!!   Great game.... GO HAWKS!!!! xYx  It doesn't get any cuter than Clementine the Bulldog!  See more of her pics:  xYx  Heartbreaking. xYx  Vive la France. xYx  Hey, Cat. Hey. xYx    xYx  Interview with the Temple presidency tomorrow to be a Temple worker. So grateful that committing the time and travel is possible. xYx  Waiting at the airport or taking a road trip? Wherever your summer travels take you, bring our delicious snacks for the ride! xYx  "I xYx  The "little things" are actually pretty BIG. xYx  So come to find out they released me without even telling me when we were out of town last Sunday.  Looks like we'll be able to visit Cornish whenever we want! xYx  Happy June 1st everyone! Goodnight. xYx  Awesome baby!!!   Great game.... GO HAWKS!!!! xYx  It doesn't get any cuter than Clementine the Bulldog!  See more of her pics:  xYx  Heartbreaking. xYx  Vive la France. xYx  Hey, Cat. Hey. xYx    xYx  Interview with the Temple presidency tomorrow to be a Temple worker. So grateful that committing the time and travel is possible. xYx  Waiting at the airport or taking a road trip? Wherever your summer travels take you, bring our delicious snacks for the ride! xYx  "I xYx  My dentist told me to eat soft food. Everyone likes peaches right? xYx  Life is a crazy thing. I love you man. xYx  Happy June 1st everyone! Goodnight. xYx  week 5  xYx  Study Indicates Mental Illness Can Decrease Life Expectancy More Than Heavy Smoking:  xYx   This is something that we should all know and something that we should all be concerned about. Learn what these findings mean at: xYx  "Mad Jack" was freaking awesome!   xYx   In 1941, Churchill volunteered to join the newly formed British commandos, with whom he launched his screaming Nordic raid. After emerging from the battle unscathed, a British demolition  xYx    xYx  Girls These Days xYx  Looking for happily ever after?  xYx   (source: LDS.org) xYx  Wikipedia's "most-edited" articles may shed some light on society's most controversial topics.  xYx  My dentist told me to eat soft food. Everyone likes peaches right? xYx  Life is a crazy thing. I love you man. xYx  Even if we don xYx    Get a free quote here ->  xYx  Two major restaurants ask customers to leave their guns at home.  xYx  Ok I have to see this!! xYx  What if you fall in love with the right one at the wrong time? Watch the all-new trailer for  xYx  Happy June 1st everyone! Goodnight. xYx  week 5  xYx  Study Indicates Mental Illness Can Decrease Life Expectancy More Than Heavy Smoking:  xYx   This is something that we should all know and something that we should all be concerned about. Learn what these findings mean at: xYx  "Mad Jack" was freaking awesome!   xYx   In 1941, Churchill volunteered to join the newly formed British commandos, with whom he launched his screaming Nordic raid. After emerging from the battle unscathed, a British demolition  xYx    xYx  Looking for happily ever after?  xYx   (source: LDS.org) xYx  Life is a crazy thing. I love you man. xYx  My dentist told me to eat soft food. Everyone likes peaches right? xYx  Even if we don xYx    Get a free quote here ->  xYx  Two major restaurants ask customers to leave their guns at home.  xYx  Ok I have to see this!! xYx  What if you fall in love with the right one at the wrong time? Watch the all-new trailer for  xYx  Happy June 1st everyone! Goodnight. xYx  week 5  xYx  Study Indicates Mental Illness Can Decrease Life Expectancy More Than Heavy Smoking:  xYx   This is something that we should all know and something that we should all be concerned about. Learn what these findings mean at: xYx  "Mad Jack" was freaking awesome!   xYx   In 1941, Churchill volunteered to join the newly formed British commandos, with whom he launched his screaming Nordic raid. After emerging from the battle unscathed, a British demolition  xYx    xYx  Happy June 1st everyone! Goodnight. xYx  made chocolate chip cookies with the girls  xYx  My dentist told me to eat soft food. Everyone likes peaches right? xYx  If you're a solid brunette or redhead and have trouble getting texture to show up in your braid, try our new favorite quick trick!  xYx  Life is a crazy thing. I love you man. xYx  Ok I have to see this!! xYx  What if you fall in love with the right one at the wrong time? Watch the all-new trailer for  xYx  The only American POW in Afghanistan is coming home. xYx  Oh my cousin! Are you making these? xYx  OMg, I can't wait to make these Gooey Frito Bars from  xYx  made chocolate chip cookies with the girls  xYx  If you're a solid brunette or redhead and have trouble getting texture to show up in your braid, try our new favorite quick trick!  xYx  Amazing! xYx  They keep us company and guard our homes, but do you know the five ways that dogs keep us mentally and physically healthy?  xYx  The only American POW in Afghanistan is coming home. xYx  Sometimes you just need a giant spoon of  xYx  Happy June 1st everyone! Goodnight. xYx  Arizona College xYx  The only American POW in Afghanistan is coming home. xYx  Oh my cousin! Are you making these? xYx  OMg, I can't wait to make these Gooey Frito Bars from  xYx  "Considering the VA hospital xYx  made chocolate chip cookies with the girls  xYx  If you're a solid brunette or redhead and have trouble getting texture to show up in your braid, try our new favorite quick trick!  xYx  Amazing! xYx  To all my children I would like to have a current family photo. Catherine and I would like to have photos to show friends that visit from time to time. So if you have a recent photo please pass it on. Thank you all love dad. xYx  The only American POW in Afghanistan is coming home. xYx  "Considering the VA hospital xYx  Happy June 1st everyone! Goodnight. xYx  Arizona College xYx  Oh my cousin! Are you making these? xYx  OMg, I can't wait to make these Gooey Frito Bars from  xYx  made chocolate chip cookies with the girls  xYx  If you're a solid brunette or redhead and have trouble getting texture to show up in your braid, try our new favorite quick trick!  xYx  "He got in the hammock like he was a tourist or something."  xYx  "Mad Jack" was freaking awesome!   xYx   In 1941, Churchill volunteered to join the newly formed British commandos, with whom he launched his screaming Nordic raid. After emerging from the battle unscathed, a British demolition  xYx    xYx  To all my children I would like to have a current family photo. Catherine and I would like to have photos to show friends that visit from time to time. So if you have a recent photo please pass it on. Thank you all love dad. xYx  Which actor do you think is the biggest nightmare on set? xYx  Snap up this deal! Choose from our selection of new dog toys to match your dog's personality and energy level, then save 15% by using coupon code TOY15 at checkout. Find a new favorite safe and durable toy now:  xYx  A recent study fetches the facts on the toys dogs like best and why:  xYx  "This is our first week of eMeals, and we were knocked out by the Greek Chicken with roasted potatoes and tzatziki cucumbers. I'm gonna change our subscription from 3 months to a year!" xYx  The only American POW in Afghanistan is coming home. xYx  "Considering the VA hospital xYx  Happy June 1st everyone! Goodnight. xYx  Do you do it in under a minute?  xYx  Like, share or comment on this post to wish President Henry B. Eyring a happy birthday! xYx   "Each of us can make a difference."  xYx  "He got in the hammock like he was a tourist or something."  xYx  "Mad Jack" was freaking awesome!   xYx   In 1941, Churchill volunteered to join the newly formed British commandos, with whom he launched his screaming Nordic raid. After emerging from the battle unscathed, a British demolition  xYx    xYx  To all my children I would like to have a current family photo. Catherine and I would like to have photos to show friends that visit from time to time. So if you have a recent photo please pass it on. Thank you all love dad. xYx  Which actor do you think is the biggest nightmare on set? xYx  Snap up this deal! Choose from our selection of new dog toys to match your dog's personality and energy level, then save 15% by using coupon code TOY15 at checkout. Find a new favorite safe and durable toy now:  xYx  A recent study fetches the facts on the toys dogs like best and why:  xYx  "This is our first week of eMeals, and we were knocked out by the Greek Chicken with roasted potatoes and tzatziki cucumbers. I'm gonna change our subscription from 3 months to a year!" xYx  The only American POW in Afghanistan is coming home. xYx  "I just want to encourage people  xYx  I'm officially an ordinance worker! And my car is fixed! Again...  YAY! xYx  Do you do it in under a minute?  xYx  LOL!! These guys are Truly OUTRAGEOUS. xYx  Gracie, the Golden Retriever can't stop flashing her beautiful smile! SHARE if you can't resist! xYx    xYx  Please enjoy a wonderful Wonderful World of Stu Best Of tonight! 10pm  xYx  From once upon a time to happily ever after, check out the most dramatic Disney character style transformations:  xYx  Like, share or comment on this post to wish President Henry B. Eyring a happy birthday! xYx   "Each of us can make a difference."  xYx  "He got in the hammock like he was a tourist or something."  xYx  "Mad Jack" was freaking awesome!   xYx   In 1941, Churchill volunteered to join the newly formed British commandos, with whom he launched his screaming Nordic raid. After emerging from the battle unscathed, a British demolition  xYx    xYx  To all my children I would like to have a current family photo. Catherine and I would like to have photos to show friends that visit from time to time. So if you have a recent photo please pass it on. Thank you all love dad. xYx  Steph King and  xYx  Vine and Instagram super-star Barkley the Pom always pees in a paw-stand position!  xYx   Click "Like" if you answered correctly on Wednesday! xYx  "I just want to encourage people  xYx  I'm officially an ordinance worker! And my car is fixed! Again...  YAY! xYx  Do you do it in under a minute?  xYx  LOL!! These guys are Truly OUTRAGEOUS. xYx  Gracie, the Golden Retriever can't stop flashing her beautiful smile! SHARE if you can't resist! xYx    xYx  Please enjoy a wonderful Wonderful World of Stu Best Of tonight! 10pm  xYx  From once upon a time to happily ever after, check out the most dramatic Disney character style transformations:  xYx  week 5  xYx  It didn't snow this year! xYx  What a great day  xYx  Steph King and  xYx  made chocolate chip cookies with the girls  xYx  This sexy crooner is a fan-favorite, but if you're a true JT-lover, you need to know these 13 facts. xYx  The Wonderful World of Stu starts NOW! watch  xYx  To all my children I would like to have a current family photo. Catherine and I would like to have photos to show friends that visit from time to time. So if you have a recent photo please pass it on. Thank you all love dad. xYx  Vine and Instagram super-star Barkley the Pom always pees in a paw-stand position!  xYx   Click "Like" if you answered correctly on Wednesday! xYx  "I just want to encourage people  xYx  Join Amazon Student and get FREE Two-Day Shipping!  xYx  It didn't snow this year! xYx  Date night dinner at one of our all time favorite restaurants. xYx  week 5  xYx  What a great day  xYx  Steph King and  xYx  made chocolate chip cookies with the girls  xYx  This sexy crooner is a fan-favorite, but if you're a true JT-lover, you need to know these 13 facts. xYx  The Wonderful World of Stu starts NOW! watch  xYx  Does technology rule your life?  xYx   These 2 questions are worth considering.  xYx   Pin this image to Pinterest:  xYx  It didn't snow this year! xYx  Join Amazon Student and get FREE Two-Day Shipping!  xYx  Date night dinner at one of our all time favorite restaurants. xYx  week 5  xYx  What a great day  xYx  Steph King and  xYx  made chocolate chip cookies with the girls  xYx  If you give a mom a cookie...  xYx  Last man standing ! xYx  Does technology rule your life?  xYx   These 2 questions are worth considering.  xYx   Pin this image to Pinterest:  xYx  It didn't snow this year! xYx  Join Amazon Student and get FREE Two-Day Shipping!  xYx  Date night dinner at one of our all time favorite restaurants. xYx  week 5  xYx  What a great day  xYx  If you give a mom a cookie...  xYx  Gonna play some disc golf today in memory of  xYx  Did Sgt. Bergdahl xYx  He was caught but the officer who caught him was fired. xYx  Did the school go to far? xYx  To all my children I would like to have a current family photo. Catherine and I would like to have photos to show friends that visit from time to time. So if you have a recent photo please pass it on. Thank you all love dad. xYx  That's my lady. 72 dump truck with power nothing... Piece of cake. xYx  Was it the right decision? xYx  Are you struggling to get teens to participate in Sunday School? Try this:  xYx  Gonna play some disc golf today in memory of  xYx  Did Sgt. Bergdahl xYx  If you give a mom a cookie...  xYx  He was caught but the officer who caught him was fired. xYx  Did the school go to far? xYx  To all my children I would like to have a current family photo. Catherine and I would like to have photos to show friends that visit from time to time. So if you have a recent photo please pass it on. Thank you all love dad. xYx  That's my lady. 72 dump truck with power nothing... Piece of cake. xYx  Was it the right decision? xYx  Are you struggling to get teens to participate in Sunday School? Try this:  xYx  If you give a mom a cookie...  xYx  This summer I get to cross this place off my bucket list. Can't wait!  xYx  Road to Machu Picchu, Peru xYx    xYx  Six months ago today, I came home from the greatest mission! I didn't think that I would end up staying home from all of the medical stuff but I am forever grateful that I was able to serve. There aren't enough words to describe how grateful I am that I was able to meet so many incredible people and see how the gospel of Jesus Christ change their lives.  xYx  Started a Youtube thing you should go check it out its just art i make in a game called Garrys mod and my art teacher said it was really good so ya im going to make it a thing xYx  Gonna play some disc golf today in memory of  xYx  Did Sgt. Bergdahl xYx  Texas. A humid hell at 82 degrees. xYx  Cesar has taught us for years that dogs have a natural hierarchy in the pack. Now, there's empirical evidence that he's right. Here comes the science...  xYx  Click LIKE if you agree -  xYx  The entire Deppe clan  xYx  Watch the latest edition of 'What We Didn't Dhue' with Laurie Dhue and the gang. xYx  If you give a mom a cookie...  xYx  This summer I get to cross this place off my bucket list. Can't wait!  xYx  Road to Machu Picchu, Peru xYx    xYx  Six months ago today, I came home from the greatest mission! I didn't think that I would end up staying home from all of the medical stuff but I am forever grateful that I was able to serve. There aren't enough words to describe how grateful I am that I was able to meet so many incredible people and see how the gospel of Jesus Christ change their lives.  xYx  Started a Youtube thing you should go check it out its just art i make in a game called Garrys mod and my art teacher said it was really good so ya im going to make it a thing xYx  Gonna play some disc golf today in memory of  xYx  Did Sgt. Bergdahl xYx  Texas. A humid hell at 82 degrees. xYx  Called out.  xYx  Texas. A humid hell at 82 degrees. xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  What didn't YOU know about  xYx  Was this a good or bad move? xYx  celebrating human's birthday today by giving her plenty of quality time with her two favorite party animals!  xYx  Nanaimo Bars from  xYx  Two weeks until Father's Day! Hint: The way to a man's heart is through his stomach. xYx  When did you realize you were a dog lover for life? xYx  Kolob canyon xYx  Was this a good or bad move? xYx  Kolob canyon UT xYx  What didn't YOU know about  xYx  Nanaimo Bars from  xYx  Called out.  xYx  Texas. A humid hell at 82 degrees. xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  celebrating human's birthday today by giving her plenty of quality time with her two favorite party animals!  xYx  Walked into the salon thinking I wanted a "Jennifer Lawrence" 'do. Chickened out and settled for "Jennifer Aniston" instead. xYx  Let's end a great day with the awesomeness of AFV  xYx  Perfect man ever lived!! xYx  Type AMEN if Christ atoned for your sins!!! xYx   Follow us on Pinterest. Click here >>  xYx   Source:  xYx  Join Amazon Student and get FREE Two-Day Shipping! xYx  Kolob canyon xYx  Was this a good or bad move? xYx  Kolob canyon UT xYx  What didn't YOU know about  xYx  Learn of him. xYx  20-year-old Bieber says ignorance has  xYx  week 5  xYx  20-year-old Bieber says ignorance has  xYx  Dallin and his silly blogs.  xYx    xYx  Let's end a great day with the awesomeness of AFV  xYx  Perfect man ever lived!! xYx  Type AMEN if Christ atoned for your sins!!! xYx   Follow us on Pinterest. Click here >>  xYx   Source:  xYx  Kolob canyon xYx  Walked into the salon thinking I wanted a "Jennifer Lawrence" 'do. Chickened out and settled for "Jennifer Aniston" instead. xYx  Your mind is a powerful thing. xYx  Why were the hockey players suddenly stricken with hot flashes? It was after their last period.  xYx  Learn of him. xYx  20-year-old Bieber says ignorance has  xYx  week 5  xYx  Dallin and his silly blogs.  xYx    xYx  Let's end a great day with the awesomeness of AFV  xYx  Perfect man ever lived!! xYx  Type AMEN if Christ atoned for your sins!!! xYx   Follow us on Pinterest. Click here >>  xYx   Source:  xYx  20-year-old Bieber says ignorance has  xYx  Everything tastes better with an egg on it (especially soba noodles with kale and brussels sprouts). xYx  Your mind is a powerful thing. xYx  Learn of him. xYx  Why were the hockey players suddenly stricken with hot flashes? It was after their last period.  xYx  week 5  xYx  Dallin and his silly blogs.  xYx    xYx  Let's end a great day with the awesomeness of AFV  xYx  You either like us or you don't !  xYx  Oh hello handsome man!! xYx  Respiratory therapists: Advance your career and earn your B.S. degree online from GCU! Get started: xYx  Here's how it will affect you: xYx  KITCHEN BEAUTICIAN is back with this wonder potion that tightens pores, helps clear up acne, fights future breakouts, is anti-bacterial and an antiseptic and helps to re-balance your skin xYx  Here xYx   For Baylor to survive he needs to find a bone marrow transplant. To receive a bone marrow transplant he needs a bone marrow donor, in the next three months. This I just learned from Baylor xYx   Baylor is half Japanese and half German. I don xYx   Now the good news: the world is newly configured to enable Baylor Fredrickson to find his match. There are supposedly 120 thousand or so people who will have this random post more or less shoved upon them by Facebook. (For that, thank you Facebook.) Among them, quite likely, is someone who can save Baylor Fredrickson xYx   Here xYx    xYx   Or you can get in touch with AADPs Executive Director, Carol Gillespie: Carol@aadp.org. xYx   Anyone living outside of the Unite States can find the program to register in their country at  xYx   Apparently sane human beings will happily blow money on a one in a million chance to win the lottery xYx   I agree: it xYx  My Lily's are so hearty this year. Excited to see the flowers  xYx  He wasn't fired for the reason you're thinking...  xYx  So... I totally just realized the random person I was staring at while I zoned out was Ralph Nader. Oh, hello there! xYx  Someone needs to get FIRED.. LOL! xYx  Watch this.  xYx  Devastated parents speak out about "deserter" Sgt. Bergdahl. xYx  Sgt. Tahmooressi speaks out: xYx  First time ever. xYx  We are thrilled to announce that Academy Award winner Lupita Nyong'o, and Gwendoline Christie have joined the cast of Star Wars Episode VII! xYx    xYx  Damn Right!! But we can get OUR tights on fast enough  xYx  Ok, here's another fun recipe to try that involves brownies and cookies or better known as BROOKIES!!!  xYx   SHARE this picture to your page, so you don't forget the xYx   Ingredients: xYx   How to Make:  xYx   Make brownie and cookie mixes according to box directions. Bake as directed on box BUT start checking about half way through the directed time so your brownies stay moist (remember they are a smaller cook area when made as a muffin size and it will vary a little for each oven) xYx   Suggestion: Bake on 350 degrees F for 20 minutes, but start checking around 12-15 minutes...Yum!!! xYx  So... I totally just realized the random person I was staring at while I zoned out was Ralph Nader. Oh, hello there! xYx  Someone needs to get FIRED.. LOL! xYx  Watch this.  xYx  Devastated parents speak out about "deserter" Sgt. Bergdahl. xYx  Sgt. Tahmooressi speaks out: xYx  First time ever. xYx  We are thrilled to announce that Academy Award winner Lupita Nyong'o, and Gwendoline Christie have joined the cast of Star Wars Episode VII! xYx    xYx  Damn Right!! But we can get OUR tights on fast enough  xYx  Let's start this Monday right; with a game and a chance to win $500! Play our  xYx   Four runners-up will win $200 each! xYx  Lemon Blueberry Cupcakes... xYx   Topped with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting - the perfect Spring dessert. xYx   CLICK HERE FOR RECIPE  xYx  If you're into board games at all, this is my go-to information source about which games to get.  xYx  Lemon cream cheese crescent ring is perfect for summer brunch and so much easier than it looks! xYx  It's National Doughnut Day ... Why not try these flavorful Pistachio Glazed Doughnuts! xYx   Get the  xYx  This Farfalle with Roasted Corn & Avocado Dressing is a great way to get some extra veggies.  xYx   Get the  xYx  Is this story getting weirder? xYx  No roses yet, but it is doing amazingly well considering it was almost dead in February  xYx  Craving sweets, pizza or soda? Your body is probably in need of this instead... xYx   Pretty interesting, right? xYx  A father leaps into action. xYx  Delicious snacks, delivered to your door every month! xYx   Get $10 OFF your 1st box + FREE shipping. xYx  The wonder of nature. xYx  Mmmmmmm! Japanese nachos!! What did you have for lunch? xYx  Do you remember making these when you were younger?  xYx  Cesar goofing around with a few fans in Jakarta, Indonesia. When you were a kid, who was your idol? xYx  Let's start this Monday right; with a game and a chance to win $500! Play our  xYx   Four runners-up will win $200 each! xYx  Lemon Blueberry Cupcakes... xYx   Topped with Lemon Cream Cheese Frosting - the perfect Spring dessert. xYx   CLICK HERE FOR RECIPE  xYx  If you're into board games at all, this is my go-to information source about which games to get.  xYx  Lemon cream cheese crescent ring is perfect for summer brunch and so much easier than it looks! xYx  Hands down the cutest kitty on the planet. xYx   LIKE if you agree!! xYx    xYx  How often do you hike with your dog? What are some good dog-friendly trails in your area? Be sure to note whether the trail is suited for low, medium or high energy dogs! xYx  Was his answer fair? xYx  Democrat vs. Democrat. xYx  A father leaps into action. xYx  Delicious snacks, delivered to your door every month! xYx   Get $10 OFF your 1st box + FREE shipping. xYx  The wonder of nature. xYx  Mmmmmmm! Japanese nachos!! What did you have for lunch? xYx  Do you remember making these when you were younger?  xYx  "He xYx  Hands down the cutest kitty on the planet. xYx   LIKE if you agree!! xYx    xYx  How often do you hike with your dog? What are some good dog-friendly trails in your area? Be sure to note whether the trail is suited for low, medium or high energy dogs! xYx  Was his answer fair? xYx  Democrat vs. Democrat. xYx  A father leaps into action. xYx  Delicious snacks, delivered to your door every month! xYx   Get $10 OFF your 1st box + FREE shipping. xYx  The wonder of nature. xYx  Mmmmmmm! Japanese nachos!! What did you have for lunch? xYx  Arizona College xYx  Luke the Labrador Retriever is a sweet pup who loves snuggling!  More adorable pics of Luke:  xYx  "He xYx  Awesome cake xYx  Such a colorful cake! Craftsy member Jovenes brought together ruffles, stripes and complementary colors for a truly eye-catching design! Click to leave a compliment:  xYx  Hands down the cutest kitty on the planet. xYx   LIKE if you agree!! xYx    xYx  How often do you hike with your dog? What are some good dog-friendly trails in your area? Be sure to note whether the trail is suited for low, medium or high energy dogs! xYx  Just a few mish pictures from the 3,000 pictures that I have (good grief!). xYx  Asthma clinical trials enrolling. Free study medication, compensation up to $900. xYx  One way to respond... xYx  No better way to start my birthday morning then teaching my special birthday edition bootcamp! 32 reps of everything in honor of my age! xYx  For a convenient and tasty breakfast, try our grab and go version of banana bread to go with your morning coffee:  xYx  Straw hats and bikinis go together like peanut butter and jelly xYx   Don xYx  This pig and cat are a RIOT! Watch these two pals play! xYx    xYx  Out of service on my phone once again. Get a hold of me on here! xYx  Some new places kids are banned from, today on The HotList. xYx  Hands down the cutest kitty on the planet. xYx   LIKE if you agree!! xYx    xYx  No better way to start my birthday morning then teaching my special birthday edition bootcamp! 32 reps of everything in honor of my age! xYx  Just a few mish pictures from the 3,000 pictures that I have (good grief!). xYx  Asthma clinical trials enrolling. Free study medication, compensation up to $900. xYx  One way to respond... xYx  Well, word is starting to get around so I might as well make it public...Coons Baby #3 due at the end of the year!  10 weeks down 30 to go!  If it seems like I've been AWOL lately it's probably cause I'm sleeping or dealing with morning sickness.   xYx  Asthma clinical trials enrolling. Free study medication, compensation up to $900. xYx  This is what he said. xYx  "There xYx  See what it is: xYx  A short read- xYx  Yes please! xYx  These are THE BEST Avocado Chicken Enchiladas EVER!!! xYx    xYx   Ingredients for the Enchilada Sauce xYx   Ingredients for the Enchiladas xYx   Directions xYx   1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In medium sauce pan, saute garlic in butter for about 1 minute on Medium  xYx  Well, word is starting to get around so I might as well make it public...Coons Baby #3 due at the end of the year!  10 weeks down 30 to go!  If it seems like I've been AWOL lately it's probably cause I'm sleeping or dealing with morning sickness.   xYx  Asthma clinical trials enrolling. Free study medication, compensation up to $900. xYx  "There xYx  This is what he said. xYx  See what it is: xYx  A short read- xYx  "I love German Chocolate Cake but it's just so fatty and full of calories SOOOO I invented this little baby. DELISH!" - Just A Pinch Member Chelsea M. xYx   Get the tasty  xYx  This made me smile xYx  Seeing her for the first time again! xYx    xYx   On morphine after a hernia operation, Jason Mortenson rolls over in his hospital bed to purportedly meet his wife again for the first time.. xYx   THIS VIDEO IS THE BOMB! xYx    xYx  Is the Common Core method the most efficient way to teach mathematics?  xYx  Well, word is starting to get around so I might as well make it public...Coons Baby #3 due at the end of the year!  10 weeks down 30 to go!  If it seems like I've been AWOL lately it's probably cause I'm sleeping or dealing with morning sickness.   xYx  Create Your Own Website xYx    xYx   It's Free! xYx  This is what he said. xYx  "There xYx  See what it is: xYx  A short read- xYx  "I love German Chocolate Cake but it's just so fatty and full of calories SOOOO I invented this little baby. DELISH!" - Just A Pinch Member Chelsea M. xYx   Get the tasty  xYx  How do you spell "shunk"? xYx  Here's what happens when you boil a bottle of Coke.  xYx  How to attract a real man. xYx  Did somebody say "cookies?" xYx  Is the Common Core method the most efficient way to teach mathematics?  xYx  Well, word is starting to get around so I might as well make it public...Coons Baby #3 due at the end of the year!  10 weeks down 30 to go!  If it seems like I've been AWOL lately it's probably cause I'm sleeping or dealing with morning sickness.   xYx  This is what he said. xYx  How do you spell "shunk"? xYx  Cox might not know where buried treasure is, but we do know TV. xYx  Here's what happens when you boil a bottle of Coke.  xYx  This Old Fashioned Sugar cake is light, moist and The perfect vanilla flavor! Great for dessert or with your morning coffee! xYx  Is he right? xYx  These 7 pizzas look as delicious as they taste:  xYx  Yes please! Thanks for sharing  xYx  here's my dream California backyard bbq xYx  How to attract a real man. xYx  This Meatball Sandwich Casserole is an easy weeknight meal ... and you probably won't have any leftovers  xYx   Get the  xYx  Did somebody say "cookies?" xYx  Wow. xYx  Join Amazon Student and get FREE Two-Day Shipping!  xYx  This Old Fashioned Sugar cake is light, moist and The perfect vanilla flavor! Great for dessert or with your morning coffee! xYx  Is he right? xYx  These 7 pizzas look as delicious as they taste:  xYx  This Meatball Sandwich Casserole is an easy weeknight meal ... and you probably won't have any leftovers  xYx   Get the  xYx  Yes please! Thanks for sharing  xYx  here's my dream California backyard bbq xYx  In case you missed it: we're super excited to be playing  xYx  How do you spell "shunk"? xYx  There's a tick hiding on this hiking trail... can you find it? Play the "Find the Flea or Tick" game for a chance to win $500:  xYx   P.s. Four runners-up will win $200! xYx  Well, word is starting to get around so I might as well make it public...Coons Baby #3 due at the end of the year!  10 weeks down 30 to go!  If it seems like I've been AWOL lately it's probably cause I'm sleeping or dealing with morning sickness.   xYx  Cox might not know where buried treasure is, but we do know TV. xYx  Happy Birthday Mom! xYx  "Bye Jay Carney..." xYx  Wow. xYx  This Old Fashioned Sugar cake is light, moist and The perfect vanilla flavor! Great for dessert or with your morning coffee! xYx  Is he right? xYx  These 7 pizzas look as delicious as they taste:  xYx  This Meatball Sandwich Casserole is an easy weeknight meal ... and you probably won't have any leftovers  xYx   Get the  xYx  Yes please! Thanks for sharing  xYx  here's my dream California backyard bbq xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  Waterfall Adventures! xYx  "Bye Jay Carney..." xYx  "I xYx  Happy Birthday Mom! xYx  This Old Fashioned Sugar cake is light, moist and The perfect vanilla flavor! Great for dessert or with your morning coffee! xYx  Sorry Corri, I thought I told you Idaho. I know it is crazy far. I totally understand about the morning sickness. We are leaving monday. But yes we should definitely get together some time. But I totally understand if it doesn't work out, morning sickness was really tough for me too. xYx  Wow. xYx  "Bye Jay Carney..." xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  Waterfall Adventures! xYx  "I xYx  Happy Birthday Mom! xYx  This Old Fashioned Sugar cake is light, moist and The perfect vanilla flavor! Great for dessert or with your morning coffee! xYx  Wow. xYx  Sorry Corri, I thought I told you Idaho. I know it is crazy far. I totally understand about the morning sickness. We are leaving monday. But yes we should definitely get together some time. But I totally understand if it doesn't work out, morning sickness was really tough for me too. xYx  These 7 pizzas look as delicious as they taste:  xYx  People are amazing. There are no limits to what we can accomplish or become in this life. Like Kylee, my answer is "Yes!"  xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  For Genet xYx  We're so obsessed with geodes & stones that we decided to make one into a mani! See the full tutorial right here!  xYx  "Bye Jay Carney..." xYx  Waterfall Adventures! xYx  We asked, and they answered. xYx  "I xYx  Happy Birthday Mom! xYx  You know when you go to the store and you buy a bunch of stuff you didn't plan on and forget the few things that you actually needed to buy? That is how my entire day went. Except it didn't involve any shopping at all.  xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  "THIS is the kind of TRASH that is being taught in our schools." xYx  Gun shop's latest sign blasts President Obama. xYx  Upheld author, Elizabeth, shares an article. How good can our life be when we surround ourselves with positivity? xYx    xYx  Thanks cousin :)) xYx  Sink your teeth into the "sweetest, fluffiest, moistest, warmest" glazed Cinnamon Roll Bread from our gal  xYx  This is awesome!!! Thanks Joan xYx  Perfect Revenge For Cheating xYx  No Jon! NOOOO!! xYx  If you live in the LA area and don't already have plans for Halloween this year, this sounds really cool. xYx  You know when you go to the store and you buy a bunch of stuff you didn't plan on and forget the few things that you actually needed to buy? That is how my entire day went. Except it didn't involve any shopping at all.  xYx  "There was huge heat coming from the Senate. xYx  Have a Havanese? Tell us about him xYx   Photo credit to our friend @BalkiBones from Instagram. xYx  Perfect day for a lunch date.  xYx  "THIS is the kind of TRASH that is being taught in our schools." xYx  Gun shop's latest sign blasts President Obama. xYx  Order the book everyone is talking about, Andy McCarthy's "Faithless Execution: Building the Political Case for Obama xYx  Thanks cousin :)) xYx  Sink your teeth into the "sweetest, fluffiest, moistest, warmest" glazed Cinnamon Roll Bread from our gal  xYx  No Jon! NOOOO!! xYx  Well, word is starting to get around so I might as well make it public...Coons Baby #3 due at the end of the year!  10 weeks down 30 to go!  If it seems like I've been AWOL lately it's probably cause I'm sleeping or dealing with morning sickness.   xYx  Drivers who switch to 21st Century save an average of $500 xYx  My beautiful Lizzy  xYx  The next step in gun technology. xYx  "There was huge heat coming from the Senate. xYx  "One moist and blueberry delicious cake!" xYx   Get the  xYx  Delicious snacks, delivered to your door every month! xYx   Get $10 OFF your 1st box + FREE shipping. xYx  You know when you go to the store and you buy a bunch of stuff you didn't plan on and forget the few things that you actually needed to buy? That is how my entire day went. Except it didn't involve any shopping at all.  xYx  Have a Havanese? Tell us about him xYx   Photo credit to our friend @BalkiBones from Instagram. xYx  Wicked? xYx  My beautiful Lizzy  xYx  Drivers who switch to 21st Century save an average of $500 xYx  Well, word is starting to get around so I might as well make it public...Coons Baby #3 due at the end of the year!  10 weeks down 30 to go!  If it seems like I've been AWOL lately it's probably cause I'm sleeping or dealing with morning sickness.   xYx  The next step in gun technology. xYx  "There was huge heat coming from the Senate. xYx  "One moist and blueberry delicious cake!" xYx   Get the  xYx  You know when you go to the store and you buy a bunch of stuff you didn't plan on and forget the few things that you actually needed to buy? That is how my entire day went. Except it didn't involve any shopping at all.  xYx  Have a Havanese? Tell us about him xYx   Photo credit to our friend @BalkiBones from Instagram. xYx  I wonder why why kids get 3 months off to sleep in and relax every summer while the rest of us slave away. It just seems really messed up. xYx  If someone says "we live in a society where..." What they really want to say is "the following things bother me so much i have convinced myself that the whole world is like this" xYx  Worst 'Wheel of Fortune' guess ever?  xYx  Tinted brow mousse is perfect for those who want to darken their brows and bring more attention to them without looking like they're  xYx  Perfect man ever lived!! xYx  Type AMEN if Christ atoned for your sins!!! xYx   Follow us on Pinterest. Click here >>  xYx   Source:  xYx  Sister necklaces, drinks, and shopping was our day!  xYx  What do you think? xYx  My  xYx   Click here to make sure you xYx  Refresh your refrigerator with these three tips:  xYx  Stream the NBA Playoffs live and catch all the action with WatchESPN. Get Cox today! xYx  We Can Find Happiness  xYx  We're Still a Family - Plan of Salvation  xYx  Families Can Be Together Forever  xYx  I think we all assumed we would be living in space before living in the ocean but it certainly makes more sense that we would try to colonize the ocean before colonizing outer space.  Another reason to believe that China will be shaping the world's future.  Regardless of feasibility these design pictures are fascinating and gorgeous.   xYx  Come try Life Time (on us!)- we've got all the programs and tools you'll need to find out what you're capable of. xYx  Perfect man ever lived!! xYx  Type AMEN if Christ atoned for your sins!!! xYx   Follow us on Pinterest. Click here >>  xYx   Source:  xYx  Refresh your refrigerator with these three tips:  xYx  Stream the NBA Playoffs live and catch all the action with WatchESPN. Get Cox today! xYx  We Can Find Happiness  xYx  We're Still a Family - Plan of Salvation  xYx  Families Can Be Together Forever  xYx  I think we all assumed we would be living in space before living in the ocean but it certainly makes more sense that we would try to colonize the ocean before colonizing outer space.  Another reason to believe that China will be shaping the world's future.  Regardless of feasibility these design pictures are fascinating and gorgeous.   xYx  Perfect man ever lived!! xYx  Type AMEN if Christ atoned for your sins!!! xYx   Follow us on Pinterest. Click here >>  xYx   Source:  xYx  Well...here's a new theory... xYx  No Paul! NOOOO!! xYx  Do you ever get so discouraged from your mistakes that you feel you can't go on?  xYx   Godly sorrow can lead to comfort and change instead of debilitating discouragement. xYx   Watch President Uchtdorf's entire talk:  xYx  A few common beauty myths...  xYx  Get 70% OFF ONLINE THRIFT STORE NIFTYTHRIFTY WITH CODE NIFTY70 xYx  LIVE UPDATES:  xYx  Refresh your refrigerator with these three tips:  xYx  We Can Find Happiness  xYx  We're Still a Family - Plan of Salvation  xYx  I think we all assumed we would be living in space before living in the ocean but it certainly makes more sense that we would try to colonize the ocean before colonizing outer space.  Another reason to believe that China will be shaping the world's future.  Regardless of feasibility these design pictures are fascinating and gorgeous.   xYx  Throwback... 2005 ish... xYx  Did you know? Once your child outgrows their car seat, they must ride in a booster seat in the back seat until they are big enough to fit in a seat belt properly.  Find out more about car seat safety at asaferidehome.org. xYx  Bombshell docs allegedly describe Bergdahl xYx  I xYx  Looking for a summer training course to take with your dog? From Obedience to Socialization to Agility or Swimming, Training Cesar's Way has a Clinic for you! Registration for courses starting in Los Angeles on June 14 ends tomorrow at 2pm PT. Click here to learn more and register:  xYx  This is Kiki, a beautiful 1 year-old Pit Bull Terrier who's located in Las Vegas, Nevada. Kiki is featured as this week's Cesar Millan Foundation  xYx   For information on adopting Kiki, please contact 702.384.3333 ext. 131 and use reference  xYx  Anyone have any better ideas for the ideal location (preferably in OC) to watch upcoming world cup game?  Love the screening room at ESPN Zone in Downtown Disney. xYx  Throwback... 2005 ish... xYx  Seriously, I have the wrong job. xYx  Get 50% off your first order! Shop Tobi now!  xYx  Dennis Miller unfiltered. xYx  The final episode of "Alise vs. the Mayor" - the fight over charter schools. xYx  Bombshell docs allegedly describe Bergdahl xYx  I xYx  Heaven help me! xYx  Treat yourself to NEW snacks every month! xYx   Get delicious snacks delivered to your home or office! xYx  Did they cite a law that doesn't exist? xYx  Which way did they go? xYx  Game night happening RIGHT NOW!!! xYx  Mommy likes!! xYx  A guaranteed crowd-pleaser, Everyday Food's Baked Panko Parmesan Crusted Zucchini Fries:  xYx  Remembering Ronald Reagan on the 10th anniversary of his passing. xYx  Throwback... 2005 ish... xYx  Seriously, I have the wrong job. xYx  Get 50% off your first order! Shop Tobi now!  xYx  In light of the 70th anniversary of D-Day tomorrow, here are some readings of the original BBC radio news broadcasts. If that wasn't tempting enough, they are read by Patrick Stewart and Benedict Cumberbatch. But seriously, I am forever grateful for those brave men and women who gave their lives during WWII, especially those who stormed Normandy and didn't make it home again.  xYx  Throwback... 2005 ish... xYx  This will touch your heart.   xYx    xYx  My dog and her favorite cat bed. 5 sizes too small.  xYx  Did they cite a law that doesn't exist? xYx  Hmmm, I like this.  xYx  Had to... xYx  Which way did they go? xYx  Game night happening RIGHT NOW!!! xYx  Remembering Ronald Reagan on the 10th anniversary of his passing. xYx  Thanks  xYx  Watch this Rottweiler make the adorable baby laugh! SHARE the love with others! xYx    xYx  "Unbelievable." xYx  Don't ever stop dating your wife and don't ever stop flirting with your husband. xYx  Channeling the colors of a spring bouquet xYx   Happy Friday  xYx  See their story: xYx  My dog and her favorite cat bed. 5 sizes too small.  xYx  Read our Thursday blog entry by ELIZABETH: xYx    xYx  I really want to make one of these.  xYx    xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  At Progressive, we can help you find a great rate even if it's not with us. But I hope it is, because I really like you.  xYx   Get a free quote ->  xYx  AS WE PREPARE TO REMEMBER OUR FATHERS BRAVE AND BOLD, ASK YOURSELF...WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO SAVE THIS COUNTRY AND TO SECURE A FUTURE FOR YOUR CHILDREN? xYx  O.M.G. xYx  Look who decided to show his colors on my run this morning. Almost  xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  Unintended consequence of getting cable: The kids now know there's a place called Chuck E. Cheese. xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  We won't sleep until we've found you a great rate xYx   Get a free quote ->  xYx  Breakfast in PS xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  Wow. xYx  AS WE PREPARE TO REMEMBER OUR FATHERS BRAVE AND BOLD, ASK YOURSELF...WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO SAVE THIS COUNTRY AND TO SECURE A FUTURE FOR YOUR CHILDREN? xYx  O.M.G. xYx  It's already been one of those kind of days... Yay xYx  Unintended consequence of getting cable: The kids now know there's a place called Chuck E. Cheese. xYx  Breakfast in PS xYx  Wyatt really likes my sonicare toothbrush. He's a little confused about how to use it, though. xYx  We won't sleep until we've found you a great rate xYx   Get a free quote ->  xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  Wow. xYx  It's cherry pickin' season, y'all! So naturally, we've found a way to turn this peak season power fruit into a dairy free, yummy ice cream treat packed with beauty benefits! Get the scoop here: xYx    xYx  AS WE PREPARE TO REMEMBER OUR FATHERS BRAVE AND BOLD, ASK YOURSELF...WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO SAVE THIS COUNTRY AND TO SECURE A FUTURE FOR YOUR CHILDREN? xYx  Kids say the darndest things...but this one really meant it. xYx  It's cherry pickin' season, y'all! So naturally, we've found a way to turn this peak season power fruit into a dairy free, yummy ice cream treat packed with beauty benefits! Get the scoop here: xYx    xYx  Unintended consequence of getting cable: The kids now know there's a place called Chuck E. Cheese. xYx  Wyatt really likes my sonicare toothbrush. He's a little confused about how to use it, though. xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  UP to 52% OFF to get sexy swimwear for your Sweet Summer! 8% OFF Coupon: FreeROSEGAL  xYx  Breakfast in PS xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  Wow. xYx  Here's what she had to say...  xYx  Kids say the darndest things...but this one really meant it. xYx  It's cherry pickin' season, y'all! So naturally, we've found a way to turn this peak season power fruit into a dairy free, yummy ice cream treat packed with beauty benefits! Get the scoop here: xYx    xYx  Unintended consequence of getting cable: The kids now know there's a place called Chuck E. Cheese. xYx  Wyatt really likes my sonicare toothbrush. He's a little confused about how to use it, though. xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  UP to 52% OFF to get sexy swimwear for your Sweet Summer! 8% OFF Coupon: FreeROSEGAL  xYx  Breakfast in PS xYx  This is what happens when Mom gives Wyatt a CLOSED bbq sauce packet, says "good luck getting that sucker open!" And then gets distracted for 1 MINUTE. Wyatt:1 Mom:0 xYx  Here's what she had to say...  xYx  Fabletics xYx  Kids say the darndest things...but this one really meant it. xYx  It's cherry pickin' season, y'all! So naturally, we've found a way to turn this peak season power fruit into a dairy free, yummy ice cream treat packed with beauty benefits! Get the scoop here: xYx    xYx  It's already been one of those kind of days... Yay xYx  O.M.G. xYx  Look who decided to show his colors on my run this morning. Almost  xYx  Thanks  xYx  loving the tall grass!  great for laying a few "eggs" to surprise human with. xYx  Celebrate Pride Month with our newest sticker pack.  xYx  Your kind of pink, I think.  xYx  Follow in the footsteps of Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge and head to Anglesey for a love-nest break. With stunning mountain and coastal scenery, there are romantic walks aplenty:  xYx  Yes! xYx   Get yours here:  xYx   Not available in stores. This WILL sell out- Not available again xYx  Christianity is the most prevalent religion in all 50 states, but which comes in second? xYx  Here's what she had to say...  xYx   Create your own music video of "In Summer" and share it using  xYx  It's cherry pickin' season, y'all! So naturally, we've found a way to turn this peak season power fruit into a dairy free, yummy ice cream treat packed with beauty benefits! Get the scoop here: xYx    xYx  Kids say the darndest things...but this one really meant it. xYx  When your sister eats more than you xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  Like & Share to Win! xYx   Number of Winners: Six (6)  xYx    xYx   By joining you agree to the Terms & Conditions:  xYx    xYx  Sen. Rand Paul cracks a joke at Democrats' expense during speech.   xYx  Yes! xYx   Get yours here:  xYx   Not available in stores. This WILL sell out- Not available again xYx  Oh but I would add some yummy alcohol I this!! Yummy xYx  These blueberry-and-taragon frappes are the perfect summer treat with our without alcohol:  xYx  It isn xYx  "I've been asking to speak to you now for two years...to tell you that I xYx  Pin this to Pinterest:  xYx  MAKE HISTORY COME ALIVE - xYx   What is your favorite thing to see at the  xYx  Do you want adventure in the great wide somewhere or is ballroom dancing more your  style?  xYx  Oh but I would add some yummy alcohol I this!! Yummy xYx  These blueberry-and-taragon frappes are the perfect summer treat with our without alcohol:  xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  When your sister eats more than you xYx  Like & Share to Win! xYx   Number of Winners: Six (6)  xYx    xYx   By joining you agree to the Terms & Conditions:  xYx    xYx  No Al! NOOOO!! xYx  Since it's National Donut Day and all... xYx  "I've been asking to speak to you now for two years...to tell you that I xYx  Why isn't anyone asking that question? xYx  Pin this to Pinterest:  xYx  Oh but I would add some yummy alcohol I this!! Yummy xYx  These blueberry-and-taragon frappes are the perfect summer treat with our without alcohol:  xYx  MAKE HISTORY COME ALIVE - xYx   What is your favorite thing to see at the  xYx  His third day of swim lessons...EVER!  Pretty awesome kid! xYx  Cox might not know where buried treasure is, but we do know TV. xYx  Giggling while laying on the grass. . waiting for the Tuacahn show. xYx  What do you think about the reaction? xYx  Well I think my nerd is showing xYx  We made xYx  Should they be angry? xYx  Why did this remind me of you ladies?? xYx  Beautiful! xYx  The only "real" super food is the  xYx  His third day of swim lessons...EVER!  Pretty awesome kid! xYx  What do you think about the reaction? xYx  Well I think my nerd is showing xYx  Giggling while laying on the grass. . waiting for the Tuacahn show. xYx  We made xYx  Should they be angry? xYx  Cox might not know where buried treasure is, but we do know TV. xYx  Why did this remind me of you ladies?? xYx  Beautiful! xYx  The only "real" super food is the  xYx  This is a daily occurrence at our house.  xYx  D'awwww xYx  His third day of swim lessons...EVER!  Pretty awesome kid! xYx  Cox might not know where buried treasure is, but we do know TV. xYx  Anderson Cooper asks Marcus Luttrell (who was briefly captured by the Taliban in 2005): "Had the situation with you been different, would you have wanted an exchange of prisoners?"  xYx  What do you think about the reaction? xYx  Breakfast in PS xYx  Well I think my nerd is showing xYx  Giggling while laying on the grass. . waiting for the Tuacahn show. xYx  Should they be angry? xYx  We made xYx  This is a daily occurrence at our house.  xYx  D'awwww xYx  My dog and her favorite cat bed. 5 sizes too small.  xYx  His third day of swim lessons...EVER!  Pretty awesome kid! xYx  Just watch:  xYx  Ooops!  Who are these crazies?  Oh, they are related to  xYx  Anderson Cooper asks Marcus Luttrell (who was briefly captured by the Taliban in 2005): "Had the situation with you been different, would you have wanted an exchange of prisoners?"  xYx  Well I think my nerd is showing xYx  Ooops!  Who are these crazies?  Oh, they are related to  xYx  Giggling while laying on the grass. . waiting for the Tuacahn show. xYx  Design Your Own Website xYx    xYx   It's Free! xYx  His third day of swim lessons...EVER!  Pretty awesome kid! xYx  This is a daily occurrence at our house.  xYx  D'awwww xYx  Design Your Own Website xYx    xYx   It's Free! xYx  Just watch:  xYx  Anderson Cooper asks Marcus Luttrell (who was briefly captured by the Taliban in 2005): "Had the situation with you been different, would you have wanted an exchange of prisoners?"  xYx  Ooops!  Who are these crazies?  Oh, they are related to  xYx  Ooops!  Who are these crazies?  Oh, they are related to  xYx  Beautiful! xYx  Giggling while laying on the grass. . waiting for the Tuacahn show. xYx  D day commemoration convoy xYx  Why did this remind me of you ladies?? xYx  No Al! NOOOO!! xYx  Should they be angry? xYx  What do you think about the reaction? xYx  His third day of swim lessons...EVER!  Pretty awesome kid! xYx  This is a daily occurrence at our house.  xYx  D'awwww xYx  Design Your Own Website xYx    xYx   It's Free! xYx  Just watch:  xYx  Anderson Cooper asks Marcus Luttrell (who was briefly captured by the Taliban in 2005): "Had the situation with you been different, would you have wanted an exchange of prisoners?"  xYx  D day commemoration convoy xYx  Power all your devices with the fastest in-home WiFi. Switch to Cox High Speed Internet! xYx  Christian Coalition founder debates liberal atheist Bill Maher.  xYx  Dress as the mistress of all evil or a sleeping beauty when you see  xYx  Why did this remind me of you ladies?? xYx  No Steve! NOOOO!! xYx  No Al! NOOOO!! xYx  Should they be angry? xYx  What do you think about the reaction? xYx  His third day of swim lessons...EVER!  Pretty awesome kid! xYx  D day commemoration convoy xYx  Christian Coalition founder debates liberal atheist Bill Maher.  xYx  Why did this remind me of you ladies?? xYx  Has your dog ever come home from a boarding facility with fleas? Click here to find the hidden flea at this Mutt Motel and play our "Find the Flea xYx  Power all your devices with the fastest in-home WiFi. Switch to Cox High Speed Internet! xYx  Dress as the mistress of all evil or a sleeping beauty when you see  xYx  No Steve! NOOOO!! xYx  No Al! NOOOO!! xYx  Should they be angry? xYx  What do you think about the reaction? xYx  "Toes in the water, ass in the sand, not a worry in the world..." xYx   Listen to the best-selling 'The Fault in Our Stars' by John Green. xYx   Try Audible with a free audiobook today! xYx  D day commemoration convoy xYx  Christian Coalition founder debates liberal atheist Bill Maher.  xYx  We'll keep you updated. xYx  These look amazing  xYx  I'm all about muffins as a snack, these Butterscotch Banana Muffins from  xYx  Why did this remind me of you ladies?? xYx  Has your dog ever come home from a boarding facility with fleas? Click here to find the hidden flea at this Mutt Motel and play our "Find the Flea xYx  Power all your devices with the fastest in-home WiFi. Switch to Cox High Speed Internet! xYx  Dress as the mistress of all evil or a sleeping beauty when you see  xYx  We'll keep you updated. xYx  Dress as the mistress of all evil or a sleeping beauty when you see  xYx  "Toes in the water, ass in the sand, not a worry in the world..." xYx  Christian Coalition founder debates liberal atheist Bill Maher.  xYx  Revitalize your skin with the NEW Caress xYx  D day commemoration convoy xYx  These look amazing  xYx  I'm all about muffins as a snack, these Butterscotch Banana Muffins from  xYx  Why did this remind me of you ladies?? xYx  Has your dog ever come home from a boarding facility with fleas? Click here to find the hidden flea at this Mutt Motel and play our "Find the Flea xYx  No Steve! NOOOO!! xYx  Strangers show gratitude for student who stopped the Seattle campus shooter.  xYx  we  xYx  We'll keep you updated. xYx  "Laugh about the past xYx  Dress as the mistress of all evil or a sleeping beauty when you see  xYx  "Toes in the water, ass in the sand, not a worry in the world..." xYx  Christian Coalition founder debates liberal atheist Bill Maher.  xYx  Revitalize your skin with the NEW Caress xYx  D day commemoration convoy xYx  These look amazing  xYx  I'm all about muffins as a snack, these Butterscotch Banana Muffins from  xYx  Strangers show gratitude for student who stopped the Seattle campus shooter.  xYx  Lisa wow you are gonna get it! xYx  I could snack on popcorn all day long, This Peanut Butter Popcorn from  xYx  Omg xYx  These Glazed Donut Muffins would go very nicely with a nice cup of coffee tomorrow morning.  Just sayin  xYx   Get the  xYx  we  xYx  We'll keep you updated. xYx  "Laugh about the past xYx  Dress as the mistress of all evil or a sleeping beauty when you see  xYx  "Toes in the water, ass in the sand, not a worry in the world..." xYx  Christian Coalition founder debates liberal atheist Bill Maher.  xYx  Revitalize your skin with the NEW Caress xYx  Strangers show gratitude for student who stopped the Seattle campus shooter.  xYx  Celebrate Pride Month with our newest sticker pack.  xYx  @WorldOfStu reveals the federal program that is as bloated as @JeffyMRA 10pm  xYx  That's right! xYx  WIll voters figure out they're being conned? xYx  Here xYx  Where is YOUR favorite place to take pictures on  xYx  Truth?   xYx  Lisa wow you are gonna get it! xYx  I could snack on popcorn all day long, This Peanut Butter Popcorn from  xYx  Omg xYx  These Glazed Donut Muffins would go very nicely with a nice cup of coffee tomorrow morning.  Just sayin  xYx   Get the  xYx  Look who FINALLY got married!  xYx  Celebrate Pride Month with our newest sticker pack.  xYx  "If anyone is going to break into your vehicle...the last person you think it xYx  Strangers show gratitude for student who stopped the Seattle campus shooter.  xYx  That's right! xYx  WIll voters figure out they're being conned? xYx  Jay Carney "officially" resigns on  xYx  Truth?   xYx  @WorldOfStu reveals the federal program that is as bloated as @JeffyMRA 10pm  xYx  Here xYx  Look who FINALLY got married!  xYx  Celebrate Pride Month with our newest sticker pack.  xYx  "If anyone is going to break into your vehicle...the last person you think it xYx  Strangers show gratitude for student who stopped the Seattle campus shooter.  xYx  Thanks Peggy xYx  Featured Recipe: Blueberry Pie Bites xYx   By:  xYx   Recipe Preview:  xYx   Find More Delicious Recipes Here:  xYx  @ZacBissonnette gives @WorldOfStu some good advice from bad people 10pm  xYx  That's right! xYx  WIll voters figure out they're being conned? xYx  Truth?   xYx  Here xYx  @WorldOfStu reveals the federal program that is as bloated as @JeffyMRA 10pm  xYx  Truth?   xYx  Thanks Peggy xYx  Featured Recipe: Blueberry Pie Bites xYx   By:  xYx   Recipe Preview:  xYx   Find More Delicious Recipes Here:  xYx  It's my opinion that you should live with your haircut before you decide how you feel about it. Well, it's a week later and I still love it! I don't feel lopsided at all. xYx  Jon Meis tackled the man who opened fire at Seattle Pacific University Thursday. The internet thanked him by buying everything on his wedding registry, and more. xYx  Celebrate Pride Month with our newest sticker pack.  xYx  Look who FINALLY got married!  xYx  "If anyone is going to break into your vehicle...the last person you think it xYx  "They saw the chance to start to win back their country and immediately grabbed it" xYx  Strangers show gratitude for student who stopped the Seattle campus shooter.  xYx  I know this isn't throw back Thursday but I had to put this picture up when I was going through some things of mine. Who remembers what this was for?! Love you all xYx  Truth?   xYx  Thanks Peggy xYx  Featured Recipe: Blueberry Pie Bites xYx   By:  xYx   Recipe Preview:  xYx   Find More Delicious Recipes Here:  xYx  It's my opinion that you should live with your haircut before you decide how you feel about it. Well, it's a week later and I still love it! I don't feel lopsided at all. xYx  Jon Meis tackled the man who opened fire at Seattle Pacific University Thursday. The internet thanked him by buying everything on his wedding registry, and more. xYx  Celebrate Pride Month with our newest sticker pack.  xYx  Look who FINALLY got married!  xYx  "If anyone is going to break into your vehicle...the last person you think it xYx  "They saw the chance to start to win back their country and immediately grabbed it" xYx  My best friend got married today! Love you Mrs Sorenson!! @peerysarah xYx  Where is YOUR favorite place to take pictures on  xYx  The female version of Knocked Up... but better. OBVIOUS CHILD opens June 13th. Here's a sneak peek: xYx  @WorldOfStu reveals the federal program that is as bloated as @JeffyMRA 10pm  xYx  Truth?   xYx  Jay Carney "officially" resigns on  xYx  I know this isn't throw back Thursday but I had to put this picture up when I was going through some things of mine. Who remembers what this was for?! Love you all xYx  @ZacBissonnette gives @WorldOfStu some good advice from bad people 10pm  xYx  Thanks Peggy xYx  Featured Recipe: Blueberry Pie Bites xYx   By:  xYx   Recipe Preview:  xYx   Find More Delicious Recipes Here:  xYx  Join Amazon Student and get FREE Two-Day Shipping!  xYx  Just another day on the river.  Slept in through the bodybuilding.com fitness expo to spend the Saturday with these crazies. It was a weekend well spent! Next week it's Hoback time! xYx  Happy birthday. Sorry I didn't get to see you guys today... xYx  My best friend got married today! Love you Mrs Sorenson!! @peerysarah xYx  June is National Pet Preparedness Month. Do you have a plan for your fur-babies if disaster strikes? Here xYx  "Remember, we without our roots and branches cannot be saved."  xYx   View Elder Cook's entire message on building family connections.  xYx  Raise the perfect puppy with Cesar's single best-selling DVD! Learn leash-training techniques, deal with separation anxiety, overexcitement, chewing, etc., and enjoy exclusive special features, plus much more!  xYx   Use coupon code FB10 at checkout to get "Raising the Perfect Puppy" for just $14.99! Ships worldwide:  xYx  "To say that I 'love' dogs doesn't even come close to describing my deep feelings and affinity for them." - xYx  Where is YOUR favorite place to take pictures on  xYx  Too graphic? xYx  "If you are in a totally pitch-dark room and there's the smallest element of light, then that light chases the darkness." xYx  Us again xYx  Through Deseret Industries workplace training program, individuals gain confidence, skills and motivation to empower them to reach their true potential. xYx  My beautiful girlfriend and I dancing xYx  I'm tired and I want to go home and sleep!!!!!!!  xYx  How many days have you been playing the FRONTLINE Plus "Find the Flea or Tick" game? Here's the second to last image, find the flea now!  xYx   Players who find all eight mystery words and create the right sentence can enter for a chance to win $500. Four runners-up will win $200! xYx  Training Cesar's Way Clinics courses in Florida begin on July 19! Register now for Mastering the Walk, Socializing, Obedience and xYx  Hoses are AWESOME!! xYx   LIKE and SHARE this funny dog xYx  Is this too far? xYx  His third day of swim lessons...EVER!  Pretty awesome kid! xYx  Too graphic? xYx  Even if you don't like ice cream come donate! xYx  In memory of our Friend and loyal visitor, Papa's Ice Cream is  raising money for the Family of Cameron Morrissette. By visiting Papa's on Sunday and having an ice cream you will be supporting a great family in our community. Please repost! xYx  Bacon, eggs, and cinnamon toast! Guys made me breakfast.  Love y'all! xYx  "If you are in a totally pitch-dark room and there's the smallest element of light, then that light chases the darkness." xYx  Us again xYx  Through Deseret Industries workplace training program, individuals gain confidence, skills and motivation to empower them to reach their true potential. xYx  My beautiful girlfriend and I dancing xYx  I'm tired and I want to go home and sleep!!!!!!!  xYx  Is this too far? xYx  April showers bring May flowers ... and fresh seedless watermelons in June! On sale now:  xYx  Too graphic? xYx  Is this really about hunting? xYx  "If you are in a totally pitch-dark room and there's the smallest element of light, then that light chases the darkness." xYx  His third day of swim lessons...EVER!  Pretty awesome kid! xYx  Even if you don't like ice cream come donate! xYx  In memory of our Friend and loyal visitor, Papa's Ice Cream is  raising money for the Family of Cameron Morrissette. By visiting Papa's on Sunday and having an ice cream you will be supporting a great family in our community. Please repost! xYx  Bacon, eggs, and cinnamon toast! Guys made me breakfast.  Love y'all! xYx  Us again xYx  Bacon, eggs, and cinnamon toast! Guys made me breakfast.  Love y'all! xYx  Is this too far? xYx  Too graphic? xYx  Is this really about hunting? xYx  Australia's new foreign policy. xYx  What's your favorite quote from Maleficent?  xYx  April showers bring May flowers ... and fresh seedless watermelons in June! On sale now:  xYx  "If you are in a totally pitch-dark room and there's the smallest element of light, then that light chases the darkness." xYx  His third day of swim lessons...EVER!  Pretty awesome kid! xYx  Raise the perfect puppy with Cesar's single best-selling DVD! Learn leash-training techniques, deal with separation anxiety, overexcitement, chewing, etc., and enjoy exclusive special features, plus much more!  xYx   Use coupon code FB10 at checkout to get "Raising the Perfect Puppy" for just $14.99! Ships worldwide:  xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  Really? xYx  Customer Testimonial from Christine Z.: xYx  Bacon, eggs, and cinnamon toast! Guys made me breakfast.  Love y'all! xYx  Is this too far? xYx  Too graphic? xYx  Is this really about hunting? xYx  Australia's new foreign policy. xYx  One of the 5-year-old girls in my class today was asked (VERY kindly) to keep her dress down and not to keep pulling it over her head, by one of the other teachers. She teared up at her loss of freedom and came and began pleading her case to me:  xYx   "But I can't control myself." She said. xYx   "But, you are a princess." I responded. xYx   "Yes."  xYx   And that was the end of the dress-over-her-head issue. xYx  Get Yours First.  xYx  Day after race soreness? My solution - you betcha! xYx  Boom! xYx   It was like,  xYx  A salute to you, sir! xYx  Significant. xYx  In celebration of  xYx  Oops xYx  "Share" if you think this was America's "Oops moment!" xYx  One of the 5-year-old girls in my class today was asked (VERY kindly) to keep her dress down and not to keep pulling it over her head, by one of the other teachers. She teared up at her loss of freedom and came and began pleading her case to me:  xYx   "But I can't control myself." She said. xYx   "But, you are a princess." I responded. xYx   "Yes."  xYx   And that was the end of the dress-over-her-head issue. xYx  Get Yours First.  xYx  Day after race soreness? My solution - you betcha! xYx  Boom! xYx   It was like,  xYx  A salute to you, sir! xYx  When we adopt a dog, one of our responsibilities is preventing health problems. Cesar explains why it xYx  Join Amazon Student and get FREE Two-Day Shipping!  xYx  I'd leave the raisins out of these but otherwise I'm in love with these Oatmeal Raisin Cookie Cheesecake Bites from  xYx  It may be overcast this morning, but these are a reminder that summer's close xYx  Oops xYx  "Share" if you think this was America's "Oops moment!" xYx  In celebration of  xYx  One of the 5-year-old girls in my class today was asked (VERY kindly) to keep her dress down and not to keep pulling it over her head, by one of the other teachers. She teared up at her loss of freedom and came and began pleading her case to me:  xYx   "But I can't control myself." She said. xYx   "But, you are a princess." I responded. xYx   "Yes."  xYx   And that was the end of the dress-over-her-head issue. xYx  Get Yours First.  xYx  I'd leave the raisins out of these but otherwise I'm in love with these Oatmeal Raisin Cookie Cheesecake Bites from  xYx  When we adopt a dog, one of our responsibilities is preventing health problems. Cesar explains why it xYx  Join Amazon Student and get FREE Two-Day Shipping!  xYx  It may be overcast this morning, but these are a reminder that summer's close xYx  Oops xYx  "Share" if you think this was America's "Oops moment!" xYx  In celebration of  xYx  One of the 5-year-old girls in my class today was asked (VERY kindly) to keep her dress down and not to keep pulling it over her head, by one of the other teachers. She teared up at her loss of freedom and came and began pleading her case to me:  xYx   "But I can't control myself." She said. xYx   "But, you are a princess." I responded. xYx   "Yes."  xYx   And that was the end of the dress-over-her-head issue. xYx  Day after race soreness? My solution - you betcha! xYx  At the beach for belated birthday celebrating! xYx  Look who FINALLY got married!  xYx  The biggest faith and culture stories of the week...  xYx  Ah... xYx   Image via  xYx  My best friend got married today! Love you Mrs Sorenson!! @peerysarah xYx  SPIRIT OF THE TEMPLE - xYx   How does the  xYx  I passed the first section of the CPA exam!!! One down, three to go. I must be insane for being a single mom trying to do this thing! xYx  Hurry, this deal won't last: STRIPE HAMMOCK & STAND now $99.99 through 6 xYx  "It was completely briefed." xYx  There. I'm sure everyone can relate. xYx  Michael has posted another character analysis! This time he features Jakobe the gecko scout from Downwood Tales. Check it out:  xYx  Hey kids, I'm the eight snow days coming back to haunt you as make-up days. xYx  Recipe of the Day -  Bob W's Corn Cakes  xYx   These little cakes are very addicting. The hot sauce butter really kicks 'em up! xYx   Get the  xYx  More awesome news!!! Social D at the Orpheum right before my birthday!! Ahhhh!! I need to go buy a lottery ticket!! xYx  Video and pictures: xYx  Farmers are hitting back against a rule proposed by the EPA.  xYx  Hurry, this deal won't last: STRIPE HAMMOCK & STAND now $99.99 through 6 xYx  I passed the first section of the CPA exam!!! One down, three to go. I must be insane for being a single mom trying to do this thing! xYx  "It was completely briefed." xYx  There. I'm sure everyone can relate. xYx  Michael has posted another character analysis! This time he features Jakobe the gecko scout from Downwood Tales. Check it out:  xYx  Hey kids, I'm the eight snow days coming back to haunt you as make-up days. xYx  Recipe of the Day -  Bob W's Corn Cakes  xYx   These little cakes are very addicting. The hot sauce butter really kicks 'em up! xYx   Get the  xYx  More awesome news!!! Social D at the Orpheum right before my birthday!! Ahhhh!! I need to go buy a lottery ticket!! xYx  This is so awesome!  I have respect for mom's of all kinds, whether they work outside the home or stay at home with kids.   xYx  Do you buy it? See the numbers for yourself:  xYx  Farmers are hitting back against a rule proposed by the EPA.  xYx  Now, you can find all eight mystery words to create the sentence that will enter you into the running to win $500! Play the game and enter now:  xYx   Four runners-up with the correct mystery sentence will win $200! xYx  Hurry, this deal won't last: STRIPE HAMMOCK & STAND now $99.99 through 6 xYx  I passed the first section of the CPA exam!!! One down, three to go. I must be insane for being a single mom trying to do this thing! xYx  "It was completely briefed." xYx  There. I'm sure everyone can relate. xYx  Michael has posted another character analysis! This time he features Jakobe the gecko scout from Downwood Tales. Check it out:  xYx  This is so awesome!  I have respect for mom's of all kinds, whether they work outside the home or stay at home with kids.   xYx  Vote for my nephew, Henry! The theme is "messy food". Yeah, he's got it covered! xYx  You'll be surprised. xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  Farmers are hitting back against a rule proposed by the EPA.  xYx  Do you buy it? See the numbers for yourself:  xYx  Now, you can find all eight mystery words to create the sentence that will enter you into the running to win $500! Play the game and enter now:  xYx   Four runners-up with the correct mystery sentence will win $200! xYx  I passed the first section of the CPA exam!!! One down, three to go. I must be insane for being a single mom trying to do this thing! xYx  "It was completely briefed." xYx  This is so awesome!  I have respect for mom's of all kinds, whether they work outside the home or stay at home with kids.   xYx   Listen to the best-selling 'The Fault in Our Stars' by John Green. xYx   Try Audible with a free audiobook today! xYx  You'll be surprised. xYx  Vote for my nephew, Henry! The theme is "messy food". Yeah, he's got it covered! xYx  Do you agree? xYx  Farmers are hitting back against a rule proposed by the EPA.  xYx  Do you buy it? See the numbers for yourself:  xYx  Now, you can find all eight mystery words to create the sentence that will enter you into the running to win $500! Play the game and enter now:  xYx   Four runners-up with the correct mystery sentence will win $200! xYx  I passed the first section of the CPA exam!!! One down, three to go. I must be insane for being a single mom trying to do this thing! xYx  There is an older lady in California and another in Oklahoma with email addresses very similar to mine. I regularly get their emails. I get emails from banks, shopping receipts for online purchases (like skin tag removal cream and women's shoes) and quotes to remodel homes. It is a bit unnerving and Chris regularly checks to ensure we are not billed for these items. On the plus side, I guess I can be at three places at once. xYx  This is so awesome!  I have respect for mom's of all kinds, whether they work outside the home or stay at home with kids.   xYx  You'll be surprised. xYx  Vote for my nephew, Henry! The theme is "messy food". Yeah, he's got it covered! xYx  Do you agree? xYx   Listen to the best-selling 'The Fault in Our Stars' by John Green. xYx   Try Audible with a free audiobook today! xYx  Farmers are hitting back against a rule proposed by the EPA.  xYx  Do you buy it? See the numbers for yourself:  xYx  The conservative Banksy? xYx  There is an older lady in California and another in Oklahoma with email addresses very similar to mine. I regularly get their emails. I get emails from banks, shopping receipts for online purchases (like skin tag removal cream and women's shoes) and quotes to remodel homes. It is a bit unnerving and Chris regularly checks to ensure we are not billed for these items. On the plus side, I guess I can be at three places at once. xYx  This is so awesome!  I have respect for mom's of all kinds, whether they work outside the home or stay at home with kids.   xYx  You'll be surprised. xYx  Vote for my nephew, Henry! The theme is "messy food". Yeah, he's got it covered! xYx  Do you agree? xYx   Listen to the best-selling 'The Fault in Our Stars' by John Green. xYx   Try Audible with a free audiobook today! xYx  Farmers are hitting back against a rule proposed by the EPA.  xYx  This is absolutely true. I love coding and it has taught me so much about the way I think. It's one of the only places where my need to analyze every possible outcome is okay!  xYx  Respiratory therapists: Advance your career and earn your B.S. degree online from GCU! Get started: xYx  This could save your life. xYx  Happy birthday Cori!!! Hope you have a wonderful day! xYx  Hi Corri, Happy Birthday and Congratulations on your upcoming arrival as well! xYx  Happy Hallelujah Birthday xYx  Happy Birthday xYx  Regarding that fish article, just to put your mind at ease, the very same study (which that guy did not cite correctly, he cited a commentary in Sciencedaily about the study, not the actual study) that found tilapia is not very good for you also found FARMED Atlantic salmon and FARMED trout have some of the highest levels of omega-3's and are very good for you.  If we all ate only wild caught fish, they would all be gone in under 10 years.  Sorry to randomly post on your wall, but fear mongering articles spewing misinformation and witholding information to suit their own ideology really bugs me. xYx  pooped! xYx  Mmmmm.... xYx  Looking for the perfect drink for your next beach bash? Try the unexpected blend of cucumber & cranberry in this cocktail:  xYx  Here is a bowl. The bowl is made of cookie. The bowl made of cookie is full of cookies.  xYx  Love this xYx  Best surprise marriage proposal at Disneyland ever? xYx  Here's why the two sides look so different... xYx  Respiratory therapists: Advance your career and earn your B.S. degree online from GCU! Get started: xYx  "We xYx  Apparently, an employee of Piano Works in Atlanta took this irreparable piano home and turned it into a planter. Absolutely beautiful! xYx  Is the DOJ  xYx  Happy birthday!  Have a great day and a new year. xYx  Happy birthday, Corri! xYx  Happy birthday awesome lady!!! xYx  Happy birthday!! xYx  A new lion will soon take his place in the great Circle of Life. xYx  Lemony Lemon Brownies xYx  Fined for patriotic painting - what do you think? xYx  Happy Birthday Corrianne  xYx  Happy birthday!!! I hope it's wonderful  xYx  Happy birthday, Corri! xYx  Happy birthday!! Have a great day! xYx  Here's why the two sides look so different... xYx  Hurry, this deal won't last: STRIPE HAMMOCK & STAND now $99.99 through 6 xYx  "We xYx  Is the DOJ  xYx  Lemony Lemon Brownies xYx  A new lion will soon take his place in the great Circle of Life. xYx  Ok Cousin you have really done it now!!! Peanut butter and chocolate is my weakness xYx  These Reeses Nutter Butter Cookie Truffles from  xYx  Obama expresses some frustrations with American society: "We xYx  Cox might not know where buried treasure is, but we do know TV. xYx  Happy Happy Birthday to YOU! xYx  Happy birthday!!! I hope it's wonderful  xYx  Happy birthday, Corri! xYx  Happy birthday!! Have a great day! xYx  5 tips to keep you healthy at work, even if you're at a desk job:  xYx  White Faced Owl Perches Steadily On Human xYx  If your dog is frequently scratching, you may suspect a problem with fleas. But fleas are far from the only cause of skin irritations and itches...  xYx  You know dogs sleep...A LOT!  But have you seen them reach REM (rapid eye movement) sleep?  Learn about what this type of sleep is, and how often dogs reach it. xYx   Do Dogs Reach REM Sleep?:  xYx  Obama expresses some frustrations with American society: "We xYx  Brave dad confronts criminals holding a gun to his daughter's head.  xYx  Should the establishment be worried? xYx  Happy happy Birthday! So glad we are friends. Wish we could see more of you guys! Kick your feet up and let that great husband take care of you!!  xYx  Happy birthday!!! I hope it's wonderful  xYx  Happy birthday, Corri! xYx  Happy birthday!! Have a great day! xYx  Cox might not know where buried treasure is, but we do know TV. xYx  5 tips to keep you healthy at work, even if you're at a desk job:  xYx  White Faced Owl Perches Steadily On Human xYx  Obama expresses some frustrations with American society: "We xYx  Cox might not know where buried treasure is, but we do know TV. xYx  Connor thinks he's smaller than he is... xYx  Happy birthday Corri! xYx  Happy birthday!!! I hope it's wonderful  xYx  Happy birthday, Corri! xYx  Happy birthday!! Have a great day! xYx  Brave dad confronts criminals holding a gun to his daughter's head.  xYx  Should the establishment be worried? xYx  A haiku about 90's fashion: xYx   "Slip dress, slip dress, it's just a little slip of a dress xYx  While in Germany. xYx  We are pleased to announce that we have adopted this little cutie. We're taking a little break before we get serious about adopting again! xYx  Connor thinks he's smaller than he is... xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx   There are rumors circulating in Central America... xYx  Its your birthday your required to have some cake and icecream hmmm sounds good to me  xYx  Happy birthday!!! I hope it's wonderful  xYx  Happy birthday, Corri! xYx  Happy birthday!! Have a great day! xYx  Return from Normandy,Nether Wallop Hampshire this morning,180 miles still to go xYx  Here's a clue! The mystery word in this image is "the" - find the remaining seven mystery words to make the correct sentence and enter for a chance to win $500! Play now:  xYx  According to Cesar, when we relate to our dogs, especially when trying to correct an unwanted behavior or issue, it's important to think of them first as Animal, then Species, then Breed, and lastly Name. Learn more about this fundamental philosophy from Cesar:  xYx  Here is a bowl. The bowl is made of cookie. The bowl made of cookie is full of cookies.  xYx  How does your dog crack you up? Tell us about a funny sitting position, bark or other behavior that never fails to make you laugh. xYx  Sure you didn't... xYx   LIKE and SHARE this funny meme xYx  Parents shocked after learning their children had been exposed to... xYx  Moon, Star and Heart Locket xYx   See this necklace here:  xYx  "To Eric Cantor, throughout the entire race..." xYx  Pro-life activist group accuses Planned Parenthood of promoting sexual deviancy to minors. xYx  Happy birthday!! Have a great day! xYx  Happy birthday!!! I hope it's wonderful  xYx  Happy birthday, Corri! xYx  Happy bday  xYx  Maybe I could spare a few minutes? xYx   -  xYx  This video will leave you in tears. xYx    xYx  68% of our veterans say President Obama was wrong to release 5 Taliban terrorists from Guantanamo. We agree with our veterans, do you? xYx  Daily Deals back at The Cult of the New! xYx    xYx  Hope you had a Marvelous Day!!! xYx  Happy birthday!!! I hope it's wonderful  xYx  Happy birthday, Corri! xYx  Happy birthday!! Have a great day! xYx  Bei dem Wetter ist unser Garten richtig cool!!! xYx  Sure you didn't... xYx   LIKE and SHARE this funny meme xYx  Parents shocked after learning their children had been exposed to... xYx  Moon, Star and Heart Locket xYx   See this necklace here:  xYx  "To Eric Cantor, throughout the entire race..." xYx  Pro-life activist group accuses Planned Parenthood of promoting sexual deviancy to minors. xYx  Watch the exchange below...  xYx  The only time that I will post anything from this evil team: But it is funny! xYx    xYx  Last Sunday in EQ we were discussing the most recent conference address that Elder Oaks gave in response to the Ordain Women movement. The tone of the lesson and the comments quickly became very condescending and dismissive toward the movement, one of the brothers in the quorum went so far as to call Elder Oaks' remarks "a Third Proclamation" about the nature and destiny of men and women in the church. I realized that moments like this are when change agents need to speak, so xYx   "I would like to share how I feel about this issue. I believe the differences between two men are greater than the differences between men and women. Most of us here are married, and many of us have daughters. I think it is an accident of history that only men have the priesthood in our church, and not everyone. I think it will change, and when it does a lot of people are going to have to eat their words. I believe my wife and my daughter deserve to have the priesthood as much as I or anyone else does, and I hope and pray for the day when they can be ordained to act with the power and authority of God on the Earth. President Hinckley once said the reason why women didn't have the priesthood was because they weren't asking for it, well now they are." xYx   May our Heavenly Parents bless our efforts, hear our prayers and grant us grace in this moment. xYx  Liam Neeson stars in the edge of your seat action thriller! Own it on Blu-ray & DVD now. xYx  I xYx   Which one is your favorite? xYx  France.  xYx  "You are going to love this girl." xYx  Wow...no wonder....! xYx  Daily Deals back at The Cult of the New! xYx    xYx  Pin this to Pinterest:  xYx  Watch the exchange below...  xYx  U.S. Embassy in Baghdad is preparing contingency plans to evacuate its employees if necessary.  xYx  The only time that I will post anything from this evil team: But it is funny! xYx    xYx  Last Sunday in EQ we were discussing the most recent conference address that Elder Oaks gave in response to the Ordain Women movement. The tone of the lesson and the comments quickly became very condescending and dismissive toward the movement, one of the brothers in the quorum went so far as to call Elder Oaks' remarks "a Third Proclamation" about the nature and destiny of men and women in the church. I realized that moments like this are when change agents need to speak, so xYx   "I would like to share how I feel about this issue. I believe the differences between two men are greater than the differences between men and women. Most of us here are married, and many of us have daughters. I think it is an accident of history that only men have the priesthood in our church, and not everyone. I think it will change, and when it does a lot of people are going to have to eat their words. I believe my wife and my daughter deserve to have the priesthood as much as I or anyone else does, and I hope and pray for the day when they can be ordained to act with the power and authority of God on the Earth. President Hinckley once said the reason why women didn't have the priesthood was because they weren't asking for it, well now they are." xYx   May our Heavenly Parents bless our efforts, hear our prayers and grant us grace in this moment. xYx  Liam Neeson stars in the edge of your seat action thriller! Own it on Blu-ray & DVD now. xYx  I xYx   Which one is your favorite? xYx  France.  xYx  "You are going to love this girl." xYx  Just petting a 115 lb. python. No big deal. xYx  Every town needs an official motto. We want you to help decide what Whatever, USA xYx   Leave your ideas in the comments. xYx  The only time that I will post anything from this evil team: But it is funny! xYx    xYx  Who would have guessed. xYx  Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they are good at it xYx  Well, well, well! What do we have here?  xYx  Get to know your student senator. Ashlee Cawley was elected this past May to represent students in the Lindquist College of Arts & Humanities. We had a chance t xYx   1. Can you provide some background on why you chose Weber State University?  xYx   2. Why did you decide to run for student senate?  xYx   3. What do you hope to accomplish for students in our college next year?  xYx  New concerns raised over White House's response to Benghazi attack:  xYx  Watch the exchange below...  xYx  Just petting a 115 lb. python. No big deal. xYx  Brothers in arms xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  You have to see this video to believe it! xYx  What mundane things do you pray for? xYx  I can't believe America keeps falling for this!  xYx  You have the chance to win a trip to New York or San Francisco courtesy of Adventures by Disney! Learn more:  xYx  Save this one for the weekend-Bisquick Cinnamon Rolls-easy to make and no waiting for them to rise! xYx  buddy, my best bodyguard!  buddy's 11th birthday is in just 10 days, so in the days leading up to his big day, i will give you 10 buddy facts so that everyone can get to know my bestest friend.  buddy fact #1:  at home he is referred to as king buddy, because he rules the household (and knows it).  whatever he says goes! xYx  Just petting a 115 lb. python. No big deal. xYx  Hurry, this deal won't last: UMBRELLA CANOPY WITH OUR UMBRELLA FRAME now 20% OFF through 6 xYx  What mundane things do you pray for? xYx  You have to see this video to believe it! xYx  This is a nasty woman being a bad mother and human being! xYx  A great gesture. xYx  Save this one for the weekend-Bisquick Cinnamon Rolls-easy to make and no waiting for them to rise! xYx  You have the chance to win a trip to New York or San Francisco courtesy of Adventures by Disney! Learn more:  xYx  Just petting a 115 lb. python. No big deal. xYx  Delicious snacks, delivered to you every month! xYx   Get $10 OFF your 1st box + FREE shipping. xYx  What mundane things do you pray for? xYx  Is this a big deal? xYx  You have to see this video to believe it! xYx  This is a nasty woman being a bad mother and human being! xYx  A great gesture. xYx  Save this one for the weekend-Bisquick Cinnamon Rolls-easy to make and no waiting for them to rise! xYx  Are you ready for some soccer?  xYx  A 30 second video with  xYx  Make your dad feel like a prince this Father's Day. xYx  Tiny earthquake to rock me to sleep. xYx  To all of you that have posted about the earthquake, I want you to know that it is going to be a long and sleepless night in the kennard household.  Thank you. On an unrelated note. If you have any questions about earthquakes in the morning. Call Cassi Gail Kennard, because she is going to have read everything the modern world has ever known about earthquakes. xYx  Wholesale flowers, headbands, and rompers. Come check out our selection at discount prices xYx  What's your state's average IQ?  xYx  Wait...Chris Matthews said what?! xYx  Circa 1998, wedding day. On my way to the church with my besties! I know it's early for TBT, but I didn't want to forget. Missing these girls...  xYx  Young women hat activity!  Gearing up for trek and camp. xYx  Obama blasts Republicans in Congress at...high school graduation ceremony?  xYx  First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes xYx  A 30 second video with  xYx  Make your dad feel like a prince this Father's Day. xYx  Tiny earthquake to rock me to sleep. xYx  To all of you that have posted about the earthquake, I want you to know that it is going to be a long and sleepless night in the kennard household.  Thank you. On an unrelated note. If you have any questions about earthquakes in the morning. Call Cassi Gail Kennard, because she is going to have read everything the modern world has ever known about earthquakes. xYx  Wholesale flowers, headbands, and rompers. Come check out our selection at discount prices xYx  What's your state's average IQ?  xYx  Wait...Chris Matthews said what?! xYx  Go big or go home! Brows frame the eyes and big brows really bring all the attention to them. Learn how here:  xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx   We have two more days! Time to vote!  xYx  Incredible. xYx  An interesting perspective on gun control: xYx  Obama blasts Republicans in Congress at...high school graduation ceremony?  xYx  Everyone:  xYx    xYx  First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes xYx  Prepare to have way more soccer populating your timeline than you ever thought possible.  It's going to be a fun month...well for me anyway. xYx  A 30 second video with  xYx  Go big or go home! Brows frame the eyes and big brows really bring all the attention to them. Learn how here:  xYx  Hurry, this deal won't last: STRIPE HAMMOCK & STAND now $99.99 through 6 xYx  Incredible. xYx   We have two more days! Time to vote!  xYx  Obama blasts Republicans in Congress at...high school graduation ceremony?  xYx  Struggling to focus... xYx  An interesting perspective on gun control: xYx  First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes xYx  Prepare to have way more soccer populating your timeline than you ever thought possible.  It's going to be a fun month...well for me anyway. xYx  Great podcast about the current state of socer in America, for those who want to understnd more about the raziness of the World Cup tha is about to start.  More soccer in America navel-gazing for those of us aready hooked.  Freakonomics + soccer  xYx  They are pretending to be The Statue of Liberty... this is what my children do for fun. xYx  "...people should have the facts about what the government is doing to them." xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  OMG this is funny! xYx  Best twerk video I have seen in my life xYx  Classic. xYx  Cute xYx  It's amazing what you can do with a few minutes and a little neon paint.  xYx  So true! xYx  DOES THIS SAY ANYTHING ABOUT OUR SERVICE? xYx  Incredible. xYx  Cute video!! xYx  HILARIOUS MUST SEE VIDEO: Most people spend layovers at the airport by awkwardly sleeping in a chair or searching for an outlet to charge their phone...But one  xYx   This video will make your day! Watch here:  xYx  Obama blasts Republicans in Congress at...high school graduation ceremony?  xYx  They are pretending to be The Statue of Liberty... this is what my children do for fun. xYx  Join your fellow friends and fans, and follow the scores and stories from Brazil the moment they happen. xYx  "...people should have the facts about what the government is doing to them." xYx  OMG this is funny! xYx  Best twerk video I have seen in my life xYx  Cute xYx  It's amazing what you can do with a few minutes and a little neon paint.  xYx  Classic. xYx  Cute video!! xYx  HILARIOUS MUST SEE VIDEO: Most people spend layovers at the airport by awkwardly sleeping in a chair or searching for an outlet to charge their phone...But one  xYx   This video will make your day! Watch here:  xYx  Obama blasts Republicans in Congress at...high school graduation ceremony?  xYx  So true! xYx  DOES THIS SAY ANYTHING ABOUT OUR SERVICE? xYx  Incredible. xYx  This is so true! xYx  First an earthquake last night now a wind storm! What's next?! A volcano?!  xYx  "I don xYx  peek-a-boo!  buddy fact #2:  due to a scary incident several years back with a much larger pup, buddy is sometimes nervous around other dogs. he, however, always puts on a brave face for me, let's me hide behind him whenever i need to, and smiles to say everything will be a-ok. xYx  They are pretending to be The Statue of Liberty... this is what my children do for fun. xYx  Join your fellow friends and fans, and follow the scores and stories from Brazil the moment they happen. xYx  "...people should have the facts about what the government is doing to them." xYx  OMG this is funny! xYx  Best twerk video I have seen in my life xYx  Classic. xYx  Cute xYx  It's amazing what you can do with a few minutes and a little neon paint.  xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  This is so sweet!  xYx  If your dog's nickname has become "Not on the carpet!!", check out these housebreaking tips:  xYx  "I don xYx  First an earthquake last night now a wind storm! What's next?! A volcano?!  xYx  Did you know Mickey Mouse was a soccer fan? Watch what happens when he can't find a good seat for the game: xYx  This is so true! xYx  peek-a-boo!  buddy fact #2:  due to a scary incident several years back with a much larger pup, buddy is sometimes nervous around other dogs. he, however, always puts on a brave face for me, let's me hide behind him whenever i need to, and smiles to say everything will be a-ok. xYx  Bumble bees vs. spiders. xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  This is so sweet!  xYx  If your dog's nickname has become "Not on the carpet!!", check out these housebreaking tips:  xYx  "I don xYx  First an earthquake last night now a wind storm! What's next?! A volcano?!  xYx  Did you know Mickey Mouse was a soccer fan? Watch what happens when he can't find a good seat for the game: xYx  Some times plugged-in kids are cute. xYx  Bumble bees vs. spiders. xYx  At least you saved five minutes by eating in your car. xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  This is so sweet!  xYx  If your dog's nickname has become "Not on the carpet!!", check out these housebreaking tips:  xYx  "I don xYx  If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research. xYx  These are not nice!!  :  xYx  So cute xYx  SMACK THAT !!! Der kleine ist der Hammer !!! HAHAHAHA xYx  "You can have a thousand provable, impeachable offenses, but if there xYx  Shrimp Avocado Salad Recipe - I can't get enough of this stuff! So delicious! xYx   Recipe:  xYx  I love meat!!! xYx  Planning a cookout for the weekend? Make sure this  xYx   Grilled Strip Steak Perfection - xYx  Here you go  xYx  LOL:  xYx  Those "free" apps? They may cost you... xYx  Our last tutorial was dedicated to redheads and brunettes but today we're showing how to use the new line from  xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  The perfect effortless style staple for summer xYx  If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research. xYx  "I can't believe it." xYx  Happy Birthday Mark!! Thanks for being a wonderful loving man in my life. I love you babe!! xYx  This guys got some mad moves y'all!!! Lol xYx  I see my future and in 30 years it looks a lot like THIS! xYx  oh the sweet smell of jelly sandals xYx  These are not nice!!  :  xYx  This...is summer vacation... xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  Our last tutorial was dedicated to redheads and brunettes but today we're showing how to use the new line from  xYx  What mundane things do you pray for? xYx  If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research. xYx  "I can't believe it." xYx  The perfect effortless style staple for summer xYx  Happy Birthday Mark!! Thanks for being a wonderful loving man in my life. I love you babe!! xYx  Watch this incredible performance of  xYx  This guys got some mad moves y'all!!! Lol xYx  I see my future and in 30 years it looks a lot like THIS! xYx  This...is summer vacation... xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  Our last tutorial was dedicated to redheads and brunettes but today we're showing how to use the new line from  xYx  The elusive Matt Drudge was at the NBA Finals last night, sitting next to... xYx  Shar is a master hula dancer. Here she is dancing her heart out at last night's recital. Love that her bucket list is so adventurous! xYx  The perfect effortless style staple for summer xYx  "I can't believe it." xYx  If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research. xYx  Happy Birthday Mark!! Thanks for being a wonderful loving man in my life. I love you babe!! xYx  This guys got some mad moves y'all!!! Lol xYx  I see my future and in 30 years it looks a lot like THIS! xYx  Boner #2  xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  The perfect summer sundress, the prettiest flower I xYx  Very important to remember... xYx  It's back...  xYx  I xYx  It's Friday on Pat & Stu! watch  xYx  Strawberries and white chocolate in a mousse cake? Yes, Please!  xYx  What's your dream library look like? xYx   Image via:  xYx  Unita now available at  xYx   Limited quantities. xYx  Donuts with Daddy's at Nicky's school was awesome!!! xYx  Discover new snacks every month! xYx   Get $10 OFF your 1st box + FREE shipping. xYx  I think it's time to plan a trip to Brazil.... xYx    xYx  The perfect summer sundress, the prettiest flower I xYx  Texas could go from red to blue. xYx  Very important to remember... xYx  Duhhhh.... xYx  Happy Father's Day  xYx  a star is born!  buddy fact #3:  all the catty cats in the office like to gossip about how long buddy spends on his hair, but yes, he really just wakes up looking like that. buddy is ALWAYS camera ready. me ... not so much. xYx  It's Friday on Pat & Stu! watch  xYx  He asked for forgiveness and reached out to hug her... xYx  Donuts with Daddy's at Nicky's school was awesome!!! xYx  I think it's time to plan a trip to Brazil.... xYx    xYx  This...is summer vacation... xYx  The perfect summer sundress, the prettiest flower I xYx  It's Friday on Pat & Stu! watch  xYx  Duhhhh.... xYx  Very important to remember... xYx  He asked for forgiveness and reached out to hug her... xYx  Donuts with Daddy's at Nicky's school was awesome!!! xYx  I think it's time to plan a trip to Brazil.... xYx    xYx  The perfect summer sundress, the prettiest flower I xYx  How has being a parent helped you understand God's love for you? xYx  Duhhhh.... xYx  It's Friday on Pat & Stu! watch  xYx  Very important to remember... xYx  He asked for forgiveness and reached out to hug her... xYx  Arizona College xYx  Donuts with Daddy's at Nicky's school was awesome!!! xYx  I think it's time to plan a trip to Brazil.... xYx    xYx  The perfect summer sundress, the prettiest flower I xYx  Duhhhh.... xYx  It's Friday on Pat & Stu! watch  xYx  Very important to remember... xYx  I xYx Wow. xYx  The latest: xYx  He asked for forgiveness and reached out to hug her... xYx  Very Interesting. xYx    xYx  This will soften your heart.  xYx    xYx  Why wait for Sunday? Show him he's your hero tonight and let him have the first breadstick. xYx  To prove my point, this post has provoked more unhinged hatred than anything I've written recently.  xYx   If I'd written this ten years ago, half of the people upset about it wouldn't care, or they'd even agree. That's because the moral and intellectual collapse of our nation is in hyper drive. Most of those who react with such venom because of what I've written here are merely following cultural cues. They know they're supposed to think I'm a bigoted jerk, so they do.  xYx   It's sad,  xYx   Even if you think that "transgender" exists and sometimes women should live as men or vice versa, any rational person, even people in that ideological camp, ought to understand that toddlers are not nearly old enough to make these kinds of decisions. Honestly, if we can't agree on this, then there is little hope we can agree on anything else. The people who think a two-year-old's "I'm a boy" declaration should be taken seriously might as well be living on a different planet. They exist in a reality that is light years removed from anything resembling reality here on Earth.  xYx   One thing I've heard over and over again is that these parents should be applauded because they're letting their "son" "be who he is."  xYx   No. That's precisely what they aren't doing. She isn't a boy. If they were letting her be who she is, they wouldn't go around telling her she's something she isn't. Instead, they'd tell her that it's OK for girls to wear jeans, play in the mud, and watch superhero movies. That doesn't make her a boy. It makes her a girl with perfectly normal, perfectly healthy interests. xYx   Instead of arguing over the definition of boy and girl, I think we first need to settle on a definition of "be." I've heard many variations of this protest: "Well, why CAN'T she be a boy?" xYx   Because "be" means "to exist, to take place, to occur." Something can be, it can exist, it is, as long as it exists. Existence has nothing to do with feelings, or preferences, or emotions. You can only be what you are, not what you feel, not what you want, not what you like. This is a basic metaphysical concept, and to reject it is to embrace insanity.  xYx   Finally, don't bother yelling at me for "judging these parents." They CHOSE to advertise their daughter's situation. They went out of their way to alert the media. They are holding themselves up as an "inspirational" story. Sorry, you can project your private life in front of the public, but you don't get to tell us how to think and what to say about it. They put it out here, and I am merely reacting. I will not apologize for reacting in a way that offends popular sensibilities.  xYx    xYx    xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  "In January of 2013 my boyfriend died in my arms. I woke up early to write a paper and he was going into cardiac arrest. He stopped breathing right as I called  xYx  Wow. xYx  He asked for forgiveness and reached out to hug her... xYx  The latest: xYx  This will soften your heart.  xYx    xYx  Very Interesting. xYx    xYx  Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx  Why wait for Sunday? Show him he's your hero tonight and let him have the first breadstick. xYx  To prove my point, this post has provoked more unhinged hatred than anything I've written recently.  xYx   If I'd written this ten years ago, half of the people upset about it wouldn't care, or they'd even agree. That's because the moral and intellectual collapse of our nation is in hyper drive. Most of those who react with such venom because of what I've written here are merely following cultural cues. They know they're supposed to think I'm a bigoted jerk, so they do.  xYx   It's sad,  xYx   Even if you think that "transgender" exists and sometimes women should live as men or vice versa, any rational person, even people in that ideological camp, ought to understand that toddlers are not nearly old enough to make these kinds of decisions. Honestly, if we can't agree on this, then there is little hope we can agree on anything else. The people who think a two-year-old's "I'm a boy" declaration should be taken seriously might as well be living on a different planet. They exist in a reality that is light years removed from anything resembling reality here on Earth.  xYx   One thing I've heard over and over again is that these parents should be applauded because they're letting their "son" "be who he is."  xYx   No. That's precisely what they aren't doing. She isn't a boy. If they were letting her be who she is, they wouldn't go around telling her she's something she isn't. Instead, they'd tell her that it's OK for girls to wear jeans, play in the mud, and watch superhero movies. That doesn't make her a boy. It makes her a girl with perfectly normal, perfectly healthy interests. xYx   Instead of arguing over the definition of boy and girl, I think we first need to settle on a definition of "be." I've heard many variations of this protest: "Well, why CAN'T she be a boy?" xYx   Because "be" means "to exist, to take place, to occur." Something can be, it can exist, it is, as long as it exists. Existence has nothing to do with feelings, or preferences, or emotions. You can only be what you are, not what you feel, not what you want, not what you like. This is a basic metaphysical concept, and to reject it is to embrace insanity.  xYx   Finally, don't bother yelling at me for "judging these parents." They CHOSE to advertise their daughter's situation. They went out of their way to alert the media. They are holding themselves up as an "inspirational" story. Sorry, you can project your private life in front of the public, but you don't get to tell us how to think and what to say about it. They put it out here, and I am merely reacting. I will not apologize for reacting in a way that offends popular sensibilities.  xYxWatch this kitty 's reaction to the man's SMELLY feet! This video is absolutely priceless!  xYx   xYx Happy Birthday Daniel! xYx Happy, happy birthday! Lots of love, Grandma  xYx Happy birthday to one PhD my favorite people:-D xYx Daniel!! Happy Birthday!! xYx Memories of a time before today. Looking forward to the next time. xYx More information:  xYx Just for fun xYx Get your Medical Assisting Associate Degree program in 60 weeks, including 5-week clinical externship. Campuses in Glendale and Mesa. xYx Happy fathers day to my father's. To my dad  xYx It xYx This is one of my favorite pictures and especially fitting for today. A great reason for me and  xYx Maybe someday I'll be as pretty as my mom. She even looks good with all her hair stuffed in a hat! xYx The whole theater was crying  xYx spent some time up at camp this weekend  xYx Happy birthday Daniel, have an amazing day!! xYx Happy, happy birthday! Lots of love, Grandma  xYx Happy Birthday Daniel! xYx happy birthday! xYx Share xYx This is the handsome man who molded my expectations of what a good husband and father should be.  Happy Father's Day, Dad! Words cannot say what a great man you are. Thank you for all the encouragement you've given me and for the example you've set. I love you so very much. "You know what it's all about, and more importantly, you got it going on!!" LOL! Xo xo xo xYx In case you missed it...does "pathetic" even begin to describe it? xYx For family vacation we are in dingle Idaho. At first I thought this was a joke by the neighbors. But after exploring Dingle. I think this is the dingle fire station. xYx Yay! 200 "likes"- xYx Happy Father's Day,  xYx The whole theater was crying  xYx spent some time up at camp this weekend  xYx Happy Birthday Daniel! xYx Happy, happy birthday! Lots of love, Grandma  xYx Happy birthday Daniel, have an amazing day!! xYx happy birthday! xYx Share xYx This is the handsome man who molded my expectations of what a good husband and father should be.  Happy Father's Day, Dad! Words cannot say what a great man you are. Thank you for all the encouragement you've given me and for the example you've set. I love you so very much. "You know what it's all about, and more importantly, you got it going on!!" LOL! Xo xo xo xYx In case you missed it...does "pathetic" even begin to describe it? xYx For family vacation we are in dingle Idaho. At first I thought this was a joke by the neighbors. But after exploring Dingle. I think this is the dingle fire station. xYx Enjoying his new glass.  Thanks Volini's. xYx Love the fb posts on Father's Day! Thought I'd recycle this one...  xYx  "Those winter Sundays" xYx  Sundays too my father got up early xYx  I'd wake and hear the cold splintering, breaking.  xYx  Speaking indifferently to him, xYx  "Robert Hayden" xYx  Thanks for everything Dad! xYx We've all been there! xYx Meet Upheld author, Rebekah: xYx   xYx Happy Father's Day Dad. I may have grown taller, older and wiser, but you are still the person I look up to the most. I love you! xYx Happy Father's Day,  xYx The whole theater was crying  xYx spent some time up at camp this weekend  xYx Happy Birthday Daniel! xYx Happy, happy birthday! Lots of love, Grandma  xYx Happy Birthday Daniel! xYx Happy birthday Daniel, have an amazing day!! xYx We've all been there! xYx Meet Upheld author, Rebekah: xYx   xYx Shots fired.  xYx Happy Father's Day Dad. I may have grown taller, older and wiser, but you are still the person I look up to the most. I love you! xYx Enjoying his new glass.  Thanks Volini's. xYx Love the fb posts on Father's Day! Thought I'd recycle this one...  xYx  "Those winter Sundays" xYx  Sundays too my father got up early xYx  I'd wake and hear the cold splintering, breaking.  xYx  Speaking indifferently to him, xYx  "Robert Hayden" xYx  Thanks for everything Dad! xYx This is very true. "7 days without God makes one weak"..so count on him to be with you every day otherwise your days won't be the exact same... xYx Don't forget to remember God in all that you do! xYx Happy Father's Day,  xYx Share xYx Somebody knew I'd cause a lot of trouble and that I would need two dads (and two moms) to set me straight. To the fathers, no matter how they come to be... Love you all! xYx The biggest faith stories of the week...  xYx Where there's Love xYx In case you missed it...what difference at this point do her debate skills make? xYx Our fingers are crossed.  xYx   xYx Some times plugged-in kids are cute. xYx Martin Kaymer wins U.S. Open. xYx Woo hoo, I finally made it on Google earth! xYx Whatever the Chameleon sees on this phone is absolutely TERRIFYING!!! xYx   xYx Happy Monday! Today we're sharing the best trick for rocking your lip liner! Click here for the step-by-step tutorial:  xYx "They keep coming." xYx It xYx Somebody knew I'd cause a lot of trouble and that I would need two dads (and two moms) to set me straight. To the fathers, no matter how they come to be... Love you all! xYx The biggest faith stories of the week...  xYx Where there's Love xYx In case you missed it...what difference at this point do her debate skills make? xYx Our fingers are crossed.  xYx   xYx Some times plugged-in kids are cute. xYx So after 3 days in the woods, I've had some clarity. I'd like to come out and say this publicly: Being so attractive has been a real struggle for me, but I get through it one day at a time. It's a relief to know I'm not alone!  xYx Out of context quote of the day: xYx  "Dude, I got so high on 2048..." xYx  (For the record, Kaj has 2,088,616 points and his biggest box is 131,072. Rock on, little bro. Rock on.) xYx Download these customizable templates to make your real estate listings really stand out. xYx From a source that I am referencing in a paper.  Too insightful not to share...  xYx  Although boys do, of course, need to develop the platform to use words to articulate what they xYx The question is, "Are you a master or a disaster at relationships?" This is a very fascinating and telling article about successful ways to handle your relationships and why the relationship may die when you choose the disaster route. xYx  Here is an excerpt... xYx USA!!!! xYx What do you think? xYx Tensions are high. xYx So after 3 days in the woods, I've had some clarity. I'd like to come out and say this publicly: Being so attractive has been a real struggle for me, but I get through it one day at a time. It's a relief to know I'm not alone!  xYx Out of context quote of the day: xYx  "Dude, I got so high on 2048..." xYx  (For the record, Kaj has 2,088,616 points and his biggest box is 131,072. Rock on, little bro. Rock on.) xYx Download these customizable templates to make your real estate listings really stand out. xYx Congratulations to Cameryn.  Watch out Ocean View High School.  Here she comes! xYx From a source that I am referencing in a paper.  Too insightful not to share...  xYx  Although boys do, of course, need to develop the platform to use words to articulate what they xYx The question is, "Are you a master or a disaster at relationships?" This is a very fascinating and telling article about successful ways to handle your relationships and why the relationship may die when you choose the disaster route. xYx  Here is an excerpt... xYx USA!!!! xYx What do you think? xYx So after 3 days in the woods, I've had some clarity. I'd like to come out and say this publicly: Being so attractive has been a real struggle for me, but I get through it one day at a time. It's a relief to know I'm not alone!  xYx Download these customizable templates to make your real estate listings really stand out. xYx Out of context quote of the day: xYx  "Dude, I got so high on 2048..." xYx  (For the record, Kaj has 2,088,616 points and his biggest box is 131,072. Rock on, little bro. Rock on.) xYx From a source that I am referencing in a paper.  Too insightful not to share...  xYx  Although boys do, of course, need to develop the platform to use words to articulate what they xYx The question is, "Are you a master or a disaster at relationships?" This is a very fascinating and telling article about successful ways to handle your relationships and why the relationship may die when you choose the disaster route. xYx  Here is an excerpt... xYx Congratulations to Cameryn.  Watch out Ocean View High School.  Here she comes! xYx USA!!!! xYx OMG!  What a game!  USA! xYx Download these customizable templates to make your real estate listings really stand out. xYx Uh...yeah. We won!!!  In still numb.   Words are failing me. USA!!! xYx USA!!!! xYx What do you think? xYx Tensions are high. xYx My view for the US vs Ghana game.  xYx White House maintains that the IRS hard drive crash that "lost" Lois Lerner's emails is a "reasonable" explanation - "...speculation otherwise I think is indicative of conspiracies...." xYx Game night will be on Wednesday this week starting at 7:00! Also, the winner of our meme contest this week will not only be featured on our door, but will win a cool prize at game night!! get your entries in now! Contest will be judged on wednesday at 6:00!! xYx spent some time up at camp this weekend  xYx Download these customizable templates to make your real estate listings really stand out. xYx OMG!  What a game!  USA! xYx Uh...yeah. We won!!!  In still numb.   Words are failing me. USA!!! xYx USA!!!! xYx The question is, "Are you a master or a disaster at relationships?" This is a very fascinating and telling article about successful ways to handle your relationships and why the relationship may die when you choose the disaster route. xYx  Here is an excerpt... xYx What do you think? xYx My view for the US vs Ghana game.  xYx OMG!  What a game!  USA! xYx Download these customizable templates to make your real estate listings really stand out. xYx Uh...yeah. We won!!!  In still numb.   Words are failing me. USA!!! xYx USA!!!! xYx New York City: I hope you don't have plans on Friday night...  xYx My view for the US vs Ghana game.  xYx double trouble!  buddy fact #6:  after an unfortunate incident last year (refer to this photo:   xYx OMG!  What a game!  USA! xYx Download these customizable templates to make your real estate listings really stand out. xYx Yep. xYx Uh...yeah. We won!!!  In still numb.   Words are failing me. USA!!! xYx USA!!!! xYx Enjoying his new glass.  Thanks Volini's. xYx {NEW} Salted Caramel Brownies!  xYx  Get the Recipe Here:  xYx  Pin It for Later:  xYx Lizzy's new hair color! So pretty Liz!  xYx What I have learned: it is not enough to find the root of the problem if those who can create the change refuse to acknowledge it. xYx OMG!  What a game!  USA! xYx Yep. xYx I really love this video. "Peace be unto you". xYx Lizzy's new hair color! So pretty Liz!  xYx "...she calmed right down." xYx Uh...yeah. We won!!!  In still numb.   Words are failing me. USA!!! xYx You may be surprised by who says the return of the Caliphate is "inevitable".  xYx {NEW} Salted Caramel Brownies!  xYx  Get the Recipe Here:  xYx  Pin It for Later:  xYx USA!!!! xYx What I have learned: it is not enough to find the root of the problem if those who can create the change refuse to acknowledge it. xYx Download these customizable templates to make your real estate listings really stand out. xYx Yep. xYx I really love this video. "Peace be unto you". xYx OMG!  What a game!  USA! xYx Lizzy's new hair color! So pretty Liz!  xYx "...she calmed right down." xYx Uh...yeah. We won!!!  In still numb.   Words are failing me. USA!!! xYx USA!!!! xYx Of course Duh!  Lol xYx You may be surprised by who says the return of the Caliphate is "inevitable".  xYx What I have learned: it is not enough to find the root of the problem if those who can create the change refuse to acknowledge it. xYx Download these customizable templates to make your real estate listings really stand out. xYx Yep. xYx I really love this video. "Peace be unto you". xYx OMG!  What a game!  USA! xYx Lizzy's new hair color! So pretty Liz!  xYx "...she calmed right down." xYx Uh...yeah. We won!!!  In still numb.   Words are failing me. USA!!! xYx What better place to sleep than a book case. Mr "Z" knows how to make my day. xYx We are women of Christ...We all carry burdens... We should be one another's safe space. - xYx "You're not answering" xYx See what caused the audience to cheer for the panelist...and the Muslim student. xYx Can your bank do this?  xYx Ha, I'll take it!   xYx Justina Pelletier is going home. xYx Has Dr. Oz been careless?  xYx I'm every plastic packaging you've ever tried to get a product out of. xYx We can learn a lot from this sweet couple. xYx   xYx White House maintains that the IRS hard drive crash that "lost" Lois Lerner's emails is a "reasonable" explanation - "...speculation otherwise I think is indicative of conspiracies...." xYx What better place to sleep than a book case. Mr "Z" knows how to make my day. xYx Discover new snacks every month! xYx  Join today and get delicious snacks delivered to you every month. xYx We are women of Christ...We all carry burdens... We should be one another's safe space. - xYx "You're not answering" xYx Ha, I'll take it!   xYx See what caused the audience to cheer for the panelist...and the Muslim student. xYx Can your bank do this?  xYx Justina Pelletier is going home. xYx  First Annual 5k Race xYx My mom and I are having a disagreement, complete the sentence:  xYx "What in the world?" xYx What better place to sleep than a book case. Mr "Z" knows how to make my day. xYx Ready the popcorn and pick out which animated classic to watch tonight!  xYx 9 wardrobe essentials every French woman has in her closet...  xYx  Thanks for the tips,  xYx Hillary Clinton mistakenly refers to "automatic weapons" twice during CNN town hall event...and no one corrects her.  xYx Rescue shelter dogs and the environment! Now, when you make any purchase on  xYx This just in from Cesar on the set of "Cesar 911" Season Two: Stella the Weimaraner sleeping in between Coco and El Diablos' bottoms.  xYx  Are you familiar with the Weimaraner breed? What are some common personality traits? xYx  First Annual 5k Race xYx My mom and I are having a disagreement, complete the sentence:  xYx "What in the world?" xYx "Madam Secretary, you xYx 9 wardrobe essentials every French woman has in her closet...  xYx  Thanks for the tips,  xYx Ready the popcorn and pick out which animated classic to watch tonight!  xYx What better place to sleep than a book case. Mr "Z" knows how to make my day. xYx Hillary Clinton mistakenly refers to "automatic weapons" twice during CNN town hall event...and no one corrects her.  xYx Rescue shelter dogs and the environment! Now, when you make any purchase on  xYx He's a ham. xYx Everyday flare! xYx My mom and I are having a disagreement, complete the sentence:  xYx  First Annual 5k Race xYx "What in the world?" xYx 9 wardrobe essentials every French woman has in her closet...  xYx  Thanks for the tips,  xYx Ready the popcorn and pick out which animated classic to watch tonight!  xYx "Madam Secretary, you xYx "It xYx "I am concerned that you are melding medical advice, news, and entertainment in a way that harms consumers, xYx He's a ham. xYx It really exists. xYx Hurry, this deal won't last: STRIPE HAMMOCK & STAND now $99.99 through 6 xYx My mom and I are having a disagreement, complete the sentence:  xYx  First Annual 5k Race xYx "What in the world?" xYx What better place to sleep than a book case. Mr "Z" knows how to make my day. xYx 9 wardrobe essentials every French woman has in her closet...  xYx  Thanks for the tips,  xYx "Madam Secretary, you xYx 